['The money would go toward security improvements as part of an East Wing construction project, including a new ballroom that President Trump has said would be built with private dollars.', 'COACHELLA VALLEY, Calif. (KESQ) – Businesses throughout the Coachella Valley are gearing up for what is expected to be a busy Cinco de Mayo, with restaurants and bars anticipating a boost in sales, despite immigration concerns. Local owners say the holiday provides a key economic boost, drawing both residents and visitors. Many family-owned Mexican restaurantsThe post Cinco de Mayo brings economic boost despite immigration concerns appeared first on KESQ.', 'PATTAYA, Thailand &#8211; As a legal consultant who has spent over a decade monitoring the trajectory of Thailand’s public sector data governance, I view the transitions set for 2026 not merely as a technological upgrade, but as a &#8220;Sharp&#8221; pivot toward Integrated Big Data Administration. We are moving beyond the era of fragmented paper trails [&#8230;]', 'WASHINGTON (AP) — Senate Republicans have added $1 billion in White House security upgrades to legislation that would fund immigration&#8230;', "The Greens' manifesto in Hackney promises to 'de-twin' from the Israeli city of Haifa and help illegal immigrants access council services.", 'Heightened immigration enforcement during the second Trump administration has not expanded job opportunities for U.S.-born workers and is associated with a reduction of employment for U.S.-born men with no more than a high school degree, according to new CU Boulder research.', "The new film 'Blue Heron' tells the story of Sasha, a young daughter of Hungarian immigrants who move to Vancouver Island, and the story of Sasha's older brother, who begins displaying increasingly unstable behavior. Writer and director Sophy Romvari discusses the film, her feature debut, which is based in part on her own life. 'Blue Heron' is in theaters now.The temperatures have been up and down this Spring, and how might that affect your plants? Stephen Orr, the former editor-in-chief of Better Homes and Gardens, gives advice on plant care this season, and discusses his new book, The...", 'The relatives of some migrants in ICE detention are being scammed into paying for fake legal services that purport to help free them, law enforcement officials say.', 'On Friday, a new, still-unnamed coalition of student activist groups held a rally in the center of the Green. Approximately 75 students, faculty and community members attended.This protest - one of dozens nationwide on May Day - marked the second anniversary since 89 individuals were arrested at a pro-Palestinian encampment on the Green in 2024. On the first anniversary, members of the Palestine Solidarity Coalition erected tents in front of Parkhurst Hall and demanded that the College refuse to cooperate with Immigrations and Customs Enforcement. After two days of negotiations, the College...', 'BENIN CITY &#8211; The Edo State Internal Revenue Service (EIRS) has intensified efforts to boost revenue generation through strategic collaboration with the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), with a focus on expatriate tax compliance and data integration. The Executive Chairman of EIRS, Mr John Odior, disclosed this during a familiarization visit to the Edo State Comptroller [&#8230;]', 'On April 24, congresswoman Rashida Tlaib announced that she “just introduced the Ban Warehouse Detention Act.” This is an excellent idea. As Tlaib wrote, “immigrant detention is already unjust and inhumane, but Trump’s administration is trying to expand it rapidly by buying up warehouses across the country. Each warehouse could cage between 1,500 and 10,000 MoreThe post ICE Ready to Pack Migrants into Warehouses appeared first on CounterPunch.org.', 'A narrow federal adjustment allows continued processing for physician-related cases, offering relief for some foreign-trained doctors, including Filipinos, while leaving most healthcare workers under existing constraints. WASHINGTON, D.C.&#160;&#8212; Federal immigration...The post U.S. eases visa freeze for foreign doctors, highlighting limits of broader healthcare immigration policy appeared first on Asian Journal News.', '“This monster attempted to KILL her own child the day he was born,” said Acting DHS Assistant Secretary Lauren Bis.', 'Deputy minister Ted Gallivan says concerning figures recently contained in program audit were due to ministry shortcomings', "Anyone who knows about M.I.A's $100 tin foil hat won't be surprised. The real shock is that she was booked as an opener in the first place.", "After approving an Iranian terrorist's visa, she's now having defend the indefensibly shambolic student visa mess", "The DOJ permanently closed SF’s Montgomery Street immigration court Friday, several months earlier than previously announced. Concord's already over-burdened immigration court will handle SF's cases moving forward, many of which will likely be delayed until the end of the year.", "M.I.A. has been removed from her opening slot on Kid Cudi's Rebel Ragers tour after being booed onstage in Dallas on Saturday (May 2) for her statements about immigrants.", 'The share saying the administration is doing too little to deport immigrants living in the country illegally has risen slightly, mainly driven by Republicans.', 'Candace Owens issued a mocking response after Laura Loomer questioned the validity of her husband’s citizenship.', '"What’s interesting about this poll is that it picks up and agrees with many other polls about the key issues. Affordability, the economy, immigration, healthcare, Iran, etc.\'\'', "President Donald Trump's Justice Department issued a rare apology to a Biden-appointed district judge after withholding key information about the charges leveled against an undocumented immigrant that she ordered to be released from detention, leading to calls for her impeachment, marking the latest flub in a growing trend of incidents from the agency.U.S. District Court Judge Melissa Dubose was appointed to the bench in the District of Rhode Island during the final days of her term. Last week, she issued a ruling ordering that Brian Rafael Gomez be released from ICE custody, pending a bond...", 'Portugal doubles citizenship waiting period amid record immigration', "'Canada does stay removal orders to enumerated countries that are ... subject to violence ... Ethiopia is one such country,' said the judge", 'ICE makes arrests. Photo: ICEBy Steve NeavlingICE detention officers used physical force or chemical agents at least 780 times against immigrant detainees during the first year of President Trump’s second term, a Washington Post investigation found, raising new questions about conditions inside a rapidly expanding detention system.The Post based its findings on internal ICE emails known as the “Daily Detainee Assault Report,” which detail incidents involving force at 98 detention facilities from January 2024 to February 2026. The reports, obtained from a government employee who shared...', 'Santa Monica City Council approved a $486,760 federal DOJ grant for police de-escalation training while attaching conditions to protect against federal immigration enforcement and DEI program mandates.', 'Angry crowds confronted federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents in a chaotic scene Saturday at a New York City hospital, witnesses said.', 'Iowa City community members shared collective support, with many wearing “Care in Action” shirts and holding signs in defense of immigrants and in support of defunding the federal agency, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or ICE in honor of International Workers’ Day on May 1.\xa0 Hosted by Escucha Mi Voz, a nonpartisan immigrant legal...The post Escucha Mi Voz gathers IC community for International Workers’ Day forum appeared first on The Daily Iowan.', 'Getsy Hernandez poses for a photo in her family’s home in Des Moines on Feb. 15, 2026. (Kabedi Mutamba) Getsy Hernandez, the daughter of U.S. immigrants from Mexico, learned how to navigate systems in America on her own. She’s been translating for her parents since she was around 6 years old. At the age of...The post A Love Letter to Immigrant Daughters appeared first on The Daily Iowan.', '(AP) &#8211; When a federal judge shot down a Trump administration policy of holding immigrants without bond last December, it seemed like a serious blow to the president&#8217;s mass deportation effort. Instead, a top Justice Department official insisted the ruling wasn&#8217;t binding, and the administration continued denying detainees around the country a chance for release. By February, the district court...', 'A comprehensive new resource designed to support newcomers in Eastern Ontario is now available. Brought to you by the Eastern Ontario Local Immigration Partnership (EOLIP), the Newcomer Information Package, a…L’article Newcomer information guide for Cornwall and Eastern Counties launched est apparu en premier sur Cornwall Seaway News.', 'An anti-ICE mob stormed a Brooklyn hospital to protect an illegal Nigerian immigrant with a rap sheet, federal officials said.', "In a provocative move, Zia Yusuf said facilities designed to hold 24,000 people would be placed in areas where the public had backed a party committed to 'a world without borders'.", "“They do nothing to serve in the interest of public safety, and I've said that even directly to the president,” Hizzoner said of the federal immigration agents.", 'The Highline Heritage Museum is highlighting a new docuseries that explores the history and lived experiences of immigrant and refugee communities in White Center, according to information provided by the [&#8230;]The post Highline Heritage Museum will screen ‘Rooted in White Center’ docuseries Saturday, May 9 appeared first on The B-Town (Burien) Blog.', 'The figures, published by the Danish government, have piled pressure on Labour to stop withholding equivalent data. Pictured: Immigrants on a boat approaching England.', 'A quarter of immigration arrests since August were labeled by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement as “collateral,” a type of arrest and detention that’s been challenged in court as an end run around civil rights. Public outrage and lawsuits over the arrests may be tamping down the large-scale sweeps that foster them, but tens of thousands were arrested this way between August and early March.The post Immigration Sweeps Lead to Tens of Thousands More &#8216;Collateral&#8217; Arrests of Noncriminals in 7 Months appeared first on FlaglerLive.', 'Workers join Teamsters Local Union 362 after company tried to strip immigrant workers of right to join a union alongside Canadians CALGARY, Alberta, May 02, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) &#8212; Approximately 50 workers at FedEx Express in Fort McMurray have won their union, joining Teamsters Local Union 362 after a lengthy legal battle. The Canada Industrial...The post FedEx Workers in Fort McMurray Win Their Union, Join Teamsters appeared first on Montreal Gazette.', 'Workers join Teamsters Local Union 362 after company tried to strip immigrant workers of right to join a union alongside Canadians CALGARY, Alberta, May 02, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) &#8212; Approximately 50 workers at FedEx Express in Fort McMurray have won their union, joining Teamsters Local Union 362 after a lengthy legal battle. The Canada Industrial [&#8230;]', "When a federal judge shot down a Trump administration policy of holding immigrants without bond last December, it seemed like a serious blow to the president's mass deportation…", 'Good caregivers are often in short supply, but after the COVID-19 pandemic hit the U.S. in early 2020, staff levels at nursing homes dropped by 10%. What was a simple personnel shortage has moved closer to being a nursing-care crisis.', 'With the help of officials of immigration wing at the RGIA, the police foiled Raheel’s attempts to visit Dubai on Thursday', 'Thousands of people took to the streets in Los Angeles Friday to mark May Day and International Workers’ Day amid heightened concerns about affordability, immigration sweeps and the Iran war.', 'Milwaukee-based immigrant rights group Voces de la Frontera has been organizing the Day Without Immigrants march for 20 years.', 'Labor and immigrant rights groups lead citywide demonstrations calling for economic and workplace reforms. The post Thousands rally in Boston against billionaires on May Day appeared first on Boston.com.', 'Lefty nonprofits and illegal immigrant support groups are demanding millions of dollars from LA taxpayers to fight ICE and fund day laborer hubs outside Home Depot locations.', "Judge sanctions US Attorney’s Office for missing deadlines in Nevada resident's immigration case", 'CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) — The next bishop for West Virginia Catholics will be an El Salvador-born advocate for immigrants who&#8230;', 'MILWAUKEE&#8212; Hundreds of people took to the streets of Milwaukee Thursday as part of a nationwide &#8220;Day Without Immigrants&#8221; demonstration. The March began near Historic Mitchell Street on the city&#8217;s south side, where families, workers, and advocates gathered before moving through the neighborhood. Organizers say the goal of the march is to highlight the impact [&#8230;]The post Hundreds march in Milwaukee for &#8216;A Day Without Immigrants&#8217; demonstration appeared first on WTMJ.', "'connections to ISIS'", 'When the 17-year-old let Isabel Conde visit, he and his sisters had been on their own for nearly four weeks.The boy and the girls, ages 14 and 6, had been fending for themselves in the family’s Southwest Side apartment since immigration agents arrested their mother and moved her to a detention center in Kentucky.“What I noticed right away was the girls huddled up together in the door frame of one of the bedrooms,” Conde says, recalling their embrace at the sight of an adult stranger in the home.“I wanted to get all the basic facts,” Conde says. “Financially, what was going to happen...', 'A new effort to force states to affirm the Trump administration’s views on DEI, transgender athletes and immigration when signing contracts with the U.S. Forest Service is threatening millions of dollars in wildfire grant funding and fire reduction projects on federal lands. Some liberal states can’t sign the documents because the policies clash with state [&#8230;]', "COACHELLA VALLEY, Calif. — May Day demonstrations unfolded across the Coachella Valley on Friday, with residents in Rancho Mirage and Coachella taking to sidewalks to voice a range of concerns tied to workers’ rights. Protesters held signs with messages supporting workers' rights, immigrant protections, and broader social justice issues. Passing drivers honked in support asThe post Demonstrators rally across Coachella Valley on May Day appeared first on KESQ.", 'By Adam G. Levin and Jill H. Wilson Lengthy visa interview wait times, stricter border and immigration policies, potential tariffs,', 'The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has detained a truck driver who had been charged in a crash that killed a pair of newlyweds.', 'The Trump administration launched a series of immigration enforcement operations last year in mostly Democratic-led cities, which drove up arrests in large-scale sweeps.', 'Cuban immigrant died in ICE custody in Georgia, notice to US lawmakers says', 'Henderson&#8217;s review of its contract with the federal government that allows immigrants to be detained at the city jail could still be weeks away from being finished, according to a top city official.', 'Democrat Bobby Pulido faces backlash for claiming immigration enforcement is racially motivated, with critics saying he smeared Border Patrol agents.', 'After major enforcement operations, the Trump administration recalibrates its immigration crackdown', 'South Africa&#8217;s Department of Home Affairs has suspended two senior officials with immediate effect after AI-generated hallucinations were discovered in the reference list of its revised white paper on citizenship, immigration and refugee protection — the second cabinet-approved policy document caught with fabricated sources in less than a week. A chief director in the unit [...]', 'WASHINGTON (AP) — When Homeland Security Secretary Markwayne Mullin was questioned by senators during his confirmation hearing about his vision&#8230;', 'WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump swiftly signed a bipartisan legislation Thursday to fund much of the&#160;Department of Homeland Security, but not its immigration enforcement operations, shortly after the package won final approval in the House, ending the longest agency shutdown in history. The quick action after weeks of political blame brought an abrupt end [&#8230;]The post Trump signs bill funding the Department of Homeland Security, ending record shutdown appeared first on WTMJ.', 'Bryan Rafael Gomez was ordered released from Immigration and Customs Enforcement custody on Tuesday by US District Judge Melissa DuBose in Rhode Island.', 'Mr. Peter Yao Nkrumah, Volta Regional Commander of the Ghana Immigration Service (GIS), has disclosed that officers intercepted a passenger bus carrying suspected irregular migrants at the Asikuma inland checkpoint.', 'Purgatory Correctional Facility in Washington County, Utah, typically sees two to four daily bookings tied to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. In a single 24-hour span, that number jumped.', 'A state panel unanimously voted Thursday to approve a 204-page report detailing its investigations into misconduct by on-duty federal immigration agents during Operation Midway Blitz.', 'From Politico, Trump signs DHS legislation, ending record-breaking shutdown. Record-breaking? Politico reports, After more than 10 weeks, the president’s signature restores funding to the Coast Guard, TSA, Secret Service, FEMA and the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, along with other sub-agencies that don’t touch immigration enforcement. What about those sub-agencies that do touch immigration enforcement? The Hill newspaper reports, ICE and border enforcement, though, still remain unfunded. Republicans are seeking', 'A Mexican man in the United States has pleaded guilty to impersonating a Border Patrol agent and following federal immigration officers to divert them while they were out on immigration enforcement missions in Southern California. Jamie Ernesto Alvarez-Gonzalez admitted Tuesday to following a Border Patrol agent on Jan. 8 while he was driving in a neighborhood in San Diego, according to the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of California. He drove a black Ford F-150 truck, a model also used by undercover federal officers. The agent aborted his mission when he saw Alvarez-...', 'Federal agents who fired pepper balls and deployed chemical agents against citizens protesting an immigration arrest late last year in Elgin will not be criminally prosecuted.', 'DHS has been without routine funds since Feb. 14, causing hardship for workers, though much of Trump’s immigration agenda that is central to the dispute is being funded separately.', 'After weeks of delays, the House voted Thursday to fund much of the Department of Homeland Security, but not its immigration enforcement operations, and send the bipartisan package…', 'After weeks of delay, the House voted Thursday to fund much of the Department of Homeland Security, but not its immigration enforcement operations, and sent the bipartisan package to President Donald Trump to sign, ending the longest agency shutdown in history.', 'Thirteen Illinois-based nonprofits are decrying what they say is the quiet dismantling of a longtime federal program that helps provide legal aid to low-income immigrants.For more than 60 years, the Department of Justice has operated the Recognition and Accreditation Program — a program that lets non-attorneys provide legal services and has made affordable representation available to families who cannot afford a private attorney.The senior DOJ attorneys who ran the program were abruptly reassigned to work as entry-level law clerks, according to The Resurrection Project and a dozen other...', 'The Ghana Immigration Service (GIS) has justified the continued operation of immigration checkpoints at Asikuma and Sogakope, describing them as critical to national security and border management. The Acting Deputy Comptroller General in charge of Operations and the Command Post, Faisal Disu, made the remarks after a three-day working vi .', 'Pro-Palestinian New Yorkers gather in Times Square and demand the release of Mahmoud Khalil, Badar Khan Suri, Rumeysa Ozturk, Yunseo Chung, and others on Saturday, April 12, 2025, just a day after an immigration judge in Louisiana ruled that the Trump administration can deport him. (Photo credit: Selcuk Acar/Anadolu via Getty Images) The Trump administration [&#8230;]The post Trump Administration to Deny Green Cards to Applicants With Record of Anti-Israel Speech appeared first on Baltimore Jewish Times.', 'Republican-controlled House approved bipartisan measure to fund much of DHS, including Secret Service and TSASign up for the Breaking News US email to get newsletter alerts in your inboxThe US House of Representatives has voted to fund much of the Department of Homeland Security – excluding immigration enforcement operations – and end the longest government agency shutdown in history.The deal struck on Thursday aims to draw a line under a 75-day impasse that had threatened airport chaos and exposed fresh strains within the Republican party. Continue reading...', 'After drama and delay, House Republicans narrowly approved a blueprint for legislation to fund immigration enforcement agencies.', 'A University of Utah student, just days away from graduation, has been arrested by ICE officials, according to his attorney.Lisandro Pantaleon Pacheco, whose attorney Adam Crayk said has no criminal history, was taken into custody by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents earlier in the week while on his way to a new job.', 'Trump administration officials enabled misconduct by federal immigration and border patrol agents as part of an enforcement crackdown last year in Chicago, which led to mass raids, many arrests and some violent conflicts with protesters, according to an Illinois state investigation.', 'A quarter of immigration arrests since August were labeled by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement as “collateral,” a type of arrest and detention that’s been challenged in court as an end run around civil rights. Public outrage and lawsuits over the arrests may be tamping down the large-scale sweeps that foster them, but tens of [&#8230;]', 'The bill, already passed in the US Senate, now moves to the desk of President Donald Trump who is expected to swiftly sign the legislation.', 'Though House Republicans initially expressed reservations about the Senate-passed measure which peeled funding for immigration enforcement agencies off the full DHS budget, lawmakers said they lacked the votes to effectively oppose it.', "By Lauren PellerApril 30, 2026, 11:22 AM After months of resistance, the House on Thursday passed the Senate-backed Department of Homeland Security funding bill, which funds all agencies inside DHS except immigration enforcement operations. There was no recorded vote requested. The measure now heads to President Donald Trump's desk now for signature -- ending theThe post House approves bill to fund DHS appeared first on KVIA.", 'A local journalist is suing the City of San Diego for allegedly withholding police records related to two federal immigration enforcement operations that included an SDPD presence.', 'JOHANNESBURG (AP) — Hundreds of South Africans took to the streets of Johannesburg on Wednesday to protest high levels of illegal immigration, which has fueled tensions between locals and foreign nationals. The demonstration is part of a broader wave of protests, including in the capital, Pretoria, on Tuesday. Anti-immigration groups are calling for the strict...', 'When videos emerged of immigrant men running from federal immigration agents last fall, Patricia Gamboa was flooded with memories of fleeing agents herself as a little girl.Gamboa was 6 when she and her family crossed the border from Tijuana into California in the mid-1980s, guided by a “coyote” who warned them to run if they saw “La Migra.” She remembers immigration agents showing up and hiding from them in a ditch, where she fell asleep. Her family continued their journey and eventually found their way to Chicago.Gamboa, 49, is now a U.S. citizen living in Oak Brook. She was shocked...', "The U.S. Coast Guard will be out of money at the end of this week if Congress doesn't step in. CBS News reported that the military branch is now 75 days into the longest government shutdown in U.S. history, which is impacting the Department of Homeland Security. Last year, DHS was given considerable budget for Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). So, Republicans have fought to give them even more in the new budget. It has held up all DHS funding. Now the Coast Guard owes over $300 million in unpaid contracts. There are thousands of utility...", 'There is a dangerous narrative that often emerges whenever xenophobic violence erupts in South Africa, that what is taking place is merely a spontaneous reaction by frustrated citizens against illegal immigration.', 'House Republicans barely squeaked through a budget blueprint to unlock over $70 billion in future funding for immigration enforcement after a dramatic explosion of tensions that kept the vote open for over five hours.', '&nbsp;A few weeks ago, Julio Cesar, a Peruvian immigrant who has turned a storage closet in the U of U’s Union building into a beloved coffeeshop, was pulled into a meeting and told that his contract was being terminated. By July 7, he would have to pack up and leave.“I was in shock,” Cesar said.\xa0Cesar has been in the space since 2023, when the Union gave him the old storage closet and a contract with the Union. However, the University has exclusively contracted all food and dining through Chartwells Higher Education since 1998.Neither Chartwells nor the Union responded to a request for...', 'A third-country national suspected of leading an organised migrant smuggling network has been arrested on Thursday, following what officials described as targeted operations against illegal immigration. Officials described the suspect as the alleged “head of an organised ring” involved in coordinating the unlawful facilitation of migrants into Cyprus. No further details were released regarding the [&#8230;]', 'The Acting Deputy Comptroller-General of the Ghana Immigration Service (GIS) in charge of Operations, Mr. Faisal Disu, has cautioned landlords against renting their properties to foreigners without proper documentation.', 'NYU’s chapter of Students for International Labor Solidarity launched a campaign urging the university to cut ties with hotel and transportation companies that offer benefits to U.S. Immigration and Custom Enforcement officers — targeting two vendors used to accommodate NYU athletes.\xa0 During their Tuesday meeting, SILS members relayed plans to denounce Hilton Hotels & Resorts...This story Students urge NYU cut contracts with ICE-affiliated hotel, transportation companies appeared first on Washington Square News.', 'Hospitals have largely cooperated with ICE rather than protect patients and staff.', 'A flood of immigration put downward pressure on wages but hikes in legal minimums prevented them from falling. The result was unemployment', 'Hundreds of thousands of Haitian and Syrian migrants took their last major legal challenge against the Trump administration to the Supreme Court on Wednesday, as the justices heard oral arguments over the termination of their deportation protections in one of the most consequential immigration cases of Trump&#8217;s second term. At the centre of the dispute [&#8230;]The post Haitian and Syrian Migrants Take TPS Fight to Supreme Court Over Kristi Noem&#8217;s Policy Shakeup appeared first on Foreign Policy Journal.', 'On May Day, thousands of Oregonians will continue a yearly tradition of rallying in support of immigrant communities across the state. Oregon Food Bank is helping to\xa0organize events\xa0in Salem and Ontario and is calling on state leaders', 'A local nonprofit leader discussed the challenges facing the Latino population and the importance of community unity at the YWCA Evanston/North Shore&#8217;s annual Unite Against Racism event Wednesday night.&#160; The event, titled &#8220;Immigration, Race, and the Future of the American Dream,&#8221; was hosted by Roger Moreano, the YWCA&#8217;s senior director of institutional and community equity,...The post Speaker discusses challenges facing Latino population at YWCA Evanston/North Shore event appeared first on The Daily Northwestern.', 'US House approves outline for $70 billion more for immigration enforcement', 'Congressional Republicans agreed to the Senate’s plan to fund U.S. immigration enforcement agencies through the end of the Trump administration and rose above intra-party concerns about renewing government surveillance powers.', 'The measure will allow the G.O.P. to begin working on a filibuster-proof bill to fund ICE and C.B.P., part of their plan to reopen the long-shuttered Department of Homeland Security.', 'Journalist Kathleen Morrissey has filed a lawsuit against the city of San Diego for allegedly failing to release police records related to two federal immigration enforcement operations.', 'ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Minnesota has been beset by a series of complex, overlapping fraud investigations that have stretched over several years and involve potentially billions of dollars in wasted federal funding. President Donald Trump pointed to the scandals as justification for launching a massive immigration crackdown that he initially said would focus on...', nan, "Amid a fight in the nation's highest court over birthright citizenship, Texas claims a birth center is deliberately helping Chinese citizens do an end run around immigration laws.", 'The appeals court previously allowed the government to deny bond hearings for all immigration detainees who entered the U.S. without being lawfully admitted, but some federal judges have ruled this violates due process rights.', 'Below is a list of pantries serving residents, regardless of immigration status, across the Chicago area.Pantries or organizations with multiple locationsThe Greater Chicago Food DepositoryNorthern Illinois Food Bank local food pantry search toolThe Unity in Community FoundationNorthCommon Pantry, 3908 N. Lincoln Ave., 773-327-0553&nbsp;The Friendship Center, 2711 W. Lawrence Ave., 773-907-6388&nbsp;The Irving Park Community Food Pantry, 4256 N. Ridgeway Ave., 773-283-6296&nbsp;Marillac St. Vincent Harvest Hub Food Pantry, 2145 N. Halsted, 312-278-4130Nourishing Hope’s Sheridan Market, 3945 N...', 'President Trump\'s alleged bashing of African nations as "s—hole countries" in 2018 and other fiery immigration rhetoric came back to haunt him during the Supreme Court\'s oral arguments Wednesday.', 'New Jersey, where Mikie Sherrill is governor, is one of only a few states to try to bar federal immigration agents from wearing masks.', 'President Donald Trump’s crass commentary about immigrants got a Supreme Court airing on Wednesday as the justices considered the legality of the administration’s decision to revoke the temporary protected status of Haitian and Syrian migrants.', 'The Supreme Court grappled with whether the Trump admin has the authority to end humanitarian protections for thousands of immigrants without facing judicial review.\xa0', 'Zimbabwe has advised its citizens in South Africa to stay alert and avoid protest areas as anti-immigration demonstrations heighten fears of violence.The post Zimbabwean embassy warns nationals in South Africa amid anti-immigration protests appeared first on Nehanda Radio.', "Family and friends of Loyola University Chicago freshman Sheridan Gorman watched Wednesday as the man accused of killing her pleaded not guilty, just over a month after the slaying became a flashpoint in the thorny nationwide debate over immigration enforcement.Gorman’s supporters packed a hearing room at the Leighton Criminal Courthouse where Jose Medina appeared for his arraignment before Judge Alfredo Maldonado.Afterward, the family held up photos of the slain 18-year-old while speaking to local media outlets for the first time since Gorman was killed near a far North Side beach.“It's...", 'Illegal immigrant Jose Medina-Medina pleads not guilty to murdering 18-year-old Loyola University Chicago student Sheridan Gorman in Rogers Park.', 'Euronet Worldwide (NASDAQ:EEFT) reported first-quarter 2026 results that management characterized as a “solid start to the year,” highlighting strength in its EFT and digital initiatives while acknowledging continued pressure in parts of the money transfer business tied to U.S. immigration policy an', 'SAN DIEGO (AP) — A Mexican man in the United States has pleaded guilty to impersonating a Border Patrol agent and following federal immigration officers to divert them while they were out on immigration enforcement missions in Southern California. Jamie Ernesto Alvarez-Gonzalez admitted to following a Border Patrol agent on Jan. 8 while he was driving in a neighborhood in...', 'WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court will hear arguments Wednesday over the Trump administration’s push to end legal protections for migrants fleeing war and natural disaster, one in a series of immigration cases the high court is considering against the backdrop of the president’s far-reaching immigration crackdown.The government is appealing lower court orders that blocked the Department of Homeland Security from quickly ending temporary protected status for people from Haiti and Syria. If the justices agree with the Trump administration, authorities could potentially strip protections...', 'It is one of many ways the president has tried to make good on his pledge to deport record numbers of people in his second term.', 'By Steve NeavlingFederal law enforcement officers raided more than 20 businesses in Minneapolis on Tuesday as part of an investigation into the alleged misuse of federal funds, a Justice Department official said, The Washington Post reports.The searches targeted businesses with ties to the city’s Somali immigrant community, including day cares, autism support centers and some residences. A Justice Department official said officers executed 22 federal search warrants and stressed that the operation was not related to immigration enforcement.“Today the FBI with federal, state and local law...', "The chair of an accountability panel reviewing the aftermath of Operation Midway Blitz called on Cook County State’s Attorney Eileen O’Neill Burke to prosecute federal immigration agents for misconduct. Judge Rubén Castillo, chair of the Illinois Accountability Commission, made the call to action during his closing remarks at the commission's final hearing Tuesday. The commission was tasked with examining the tactics used last fall during President Donald Trump's deportation campaign.A final report from the panel is scheduled to publish Thursday and will include specific recommendations...", "A federal judge tentatively denied the immigrant rights advocates' request for a preliminary injunction over procedural issues.", 'In an April 24 letter to constituents, Anne Arundel County Executive Steuart Pittman called antisemitism “a national epidemic.” He added that similar hate against Black communities, Muslims, immigrants and the LGBTQ+ community is, too. But, in that same letter, he announced his office would not be including a provision to fund a county-administered program that [&#8230;]The post Anne Arundel County Exec Declines to Fund Security Program for Synagogues, Others appeared first on Baltimore Jewish Times.', 'A federal appeals court has shot down the Trump White House&#8217;s policy of locking up almost everyone it tries to deport, ruling that individuals must be given the chance to obtain bond as they seek to remain in the country, Politico reports. The number of people held in federal immigrant detention sites has exploded since [&#8230;]The post Federal appeals court rejects Trump policy of mandatory lockup in immigration cases appeared first on San Antonio Current.', 'The Trump administration was dealt another blow in federal court Tuesday with regard to its practice of rounding up and detaining undocumented immigrants who have, in some cases, lived and worked in the US for years.', 'Some of the proposals are already federal law. Democratic lawmakers say it’s important for state law to align with federal law and to protect immigrants in schools in case the law changes.', 'FORT RUCKER, Ala. – Command Sgt. Maj. Jean Pierre Alcedo, outgoing senior enlisted leader of the U.S. Army Combat Readiness Center, delivers his final remarks during his retirement ceremony at the U.S. Army Aviation Museum, April 23. Alcedo reflected on his 32-year career, highlighting the resilience, mentorship, and family support that helped him overcome early obstacles as a young immigrant to the United States. (U.S. Army photo by Anna Lefevre)', 'State House Democratic lawmakers announced a bill on Tuesday aimed at protecting students in schools from the impact of immigration operations in North Carolina. Named for a landmark Supreme Court case that prohibited schools from discriminating against undocumented students, House Bill 1061: The Plyler Educational Protections Act, would bar public schools from collecting students’ immigration [&#8230;]', 'The Trump administration is instructing immigration officers to deny green cards to applicants who have expressed political views it deems “antisemitic” or “anti-American,” including some forms of pro-Palestinian speech, JTA reported. The new guidance, which was first reported by the New York Times, discourages officers at U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services from giving green cards [&#8230;]The post Trump Administration to Deny Green Cards to Applicants With Record of Anti-Israel Speech appeared first on Philadelphia Jewish Exponent.', 'Representative Ilhan Omar of Minnesota is again the subject of ridicule on social media, this time referring to "World War 11." ...The post Omar’s Discussion of “World War Eleven” Provokes Ridicule, No Word on Immigration Fraud Probe appeared first on The New American.', 'Like a lot of couples, music professor Mark Tonelli and his wife Luciana fell in love online. He was in the United States. She was in Brazil. After lots of trips back and forth and video calls lasting for hours, they eventually married in 2024. About a week after the wedding, Tonelli filed the petition to sponsor Luciana and his stepson for an immigrant visa.He thought their case had reached a major milestone more than a year later, when they received an email telling them they qualified for their final interview, the last step. Instead, that same day, the State Department halted immigrant...', 'Former Finance Minister Ken Ofori-Atta is expected to appear before a United States immigration court on June 15 in a case that could impact both his residency status and Ghana rsquo;s efforts to secure his return over pending criminal charges.', 'US Senate Judiciary Committee flags DHS actions', 'Immigration and Customs Enforcement again has expanded in California’s Central Valley, activating a new 700-bed detention facility operated by the for-profit prison company Geo Group.', 'The president’s rhetoric on religion, along with hard-line immigration policies and the U.S. war in Iran, has splintered a coalition of Christian voters who returned him to the White House.', 'US appeals court rejects Trump’s immigration detention policy', "California plans to share detailed information about more than 1 million undocumented immigrant driver's license holders with a national database, breaking a decade-old promise to keep the data confidential.", 'Immigrant rights groups are calling for an end to all cooperation between the Sheriff’s Office and federal agents following a detention at the county jail last week. According to the Press Democrat, the incident occurred just days', 'A swipe from President Emmanuel Macron at French hardliners over Algeria has elicited a sharp response from right-wing presidential candidate Bruno Retailleau, as tensions over diplomacy, immigration and security enter the 2027 race for the Elysée Palace.', 'A test meant to unite families is instead tearing them apart one result at a time. It begins with hope. A father, working tirelessly in Canada, files documents to reunite with his wife and child. Forms are completed, fees are paid, and dreams are carefully rebuilt across continents.', 'Homeland Security Secretary Markwayne Mullin. By Steve NeavlingHomeland Security Secretary Markwayne Mullin is facing growing pressure from conservative groups that say the Trump administration is backing away from its promise to carry out mass deportations, The Washington Post reports.The criticism comes about a month into Mullin’s tenure and follows a backlash over aggressive immigration enforcement tactics, including the fatal shootings of two U.S. citizens in Minneapolis. Mullin has said he wants to rebuild confidence in the Department of Homeland Security and carry out enforcement in a...', 'Fifa should press the US government to establish an “ICE Truce” for this year’s World Cup, including a public guarantee from federal authorities to refrain from immigration enforcement operations at games and venues, Human Rights Watch (HRW) said in a report published on Monday. The 2026 World Cup – the first edition of the global [&#8230;]', 'This is not justice. This is a lottery.', 'The longest government shutdown in history, which began as a fight over immigration enforcement between Democrats and Republicans, has become a struggle among Republicans over tactics.', '(ThyBlackMan.com) Last week, I had the pleasure of speaking at Oklahoma State University for their Young America&#8217;s Foundation (YAF) speakers series. The topic was &#8220;American Sovereignty: The Constitution and Illegal Immigration.&#8221;One would think that a college and university campus would be a place where diverse insights, perspectives, and debate would occur. Quite the contrary. Once again, I was informed by the conservative students at OSU that they had their event flyers torn down, hand cards tossed into the trash, and sidewalk chalking erased. As well, we heard the news about...', '(ThyBlackMan.com) These are troubling times for President Donald Trump. His poll numbers are in the toilet. The country doesn&#8217;t trust him with the economy and doesn&#8217;t support him on what was his favorite issue, immigration. The war he started is not going well and is not popular. He needs to &#8220;win&#8221; it and make it be over and the Iranians are not cooperating. They are like that.So what does the King do when things are spinning out of control? Usually, we&#8217;d be worrying about him starting a war, but he&#8217;s already done that and while it might have distracted from...', 'President Donald Trump wants to use the assassination attempt against him to incentivize the building a White House ballroom — but at least one possible route for achieving this may be closed off to him.“Senate Majority Leader John Thune was noncommittal Monday over whether Congress could greenlight construction of the White House ballroom as part of the GOP’s party-line immigration enforcement bill,” Politico reported on Monday, quoting him as saying “I don’t know. We’ll see what’s achievable.”In the aftermath of the attempt on Trump’s life at the White House Correspondents...', "One example of denial-worthy speech in immigration officials' guidance: an Israeli flag crossed out alongside the words “Stop Israeli Terror in Palestine.”--The post Trump administration to deny green cards to applicants with record of anti-Israel speech appeared first on Jewish Telegraphic Agency.", 'BRAMPTON, Ontario, April 27, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) &#8212; DASH, Ontario’s first dedicated academic integration program for immigrant and newcomer children, has formalised working relationships with three Ontario school boards, grown 7 times in seven months, and now reaches 80 or more learners every week across Kitchener, London, and Brampton — with 85 percent of students...The post Canada&#8217;s Newcomer Children Have an Academic Integration Gap. A Community-Owned Ontario Startup Just Partnered With Three School Boards to Close It appeared first on Montreal Gazette.', 'BRAMPTON, Ontario, April 27, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) &#8212; DASH, Ontario’s first dedicated academic integration program for immigrant and newcomer children, has formalised working relationships with three Ontario school boards, grown 7 times in seven months, and now reaches 80 or more learners every week across Kitchener, London, and Brampton — with 85 percent of students [&#8230;]', 'Qiagen cuts 2026 outlook on lower immigration testing demand', 'Newcomer Matthew Solomon Bailey says he’s not afraid to take on the federal government over its immigration crackdown.', 'FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — A federal court in Arkansas ordered the Trump administration to expedite a decision on an Iranian data scientist’s immigration and employment status. The scientist resides in the state and earned a doctorate in computer science in the U.S. before working as a data scientist at Walmart, but has been unable to work since October 2025 due to the Department of Homeland Security’s expressed need to address “vetting failures” in its review of requests by non-citizens from 12 “high-risk countries,” including Iran. The DHS has offered no evidence the jobless scientist...', 'Journalist, author and CSUN professor Daniela Gerson spoke at CSUN on April 22 as part of the 2026 Jerome Richfield Memorial Colloquium, discussing how immigration stories are told and how...', 'MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) &#8211; Republican State Senator Steve Gooch is making his case for Lieutenant Governor, centering his campaign on a platform he calls a “Georgia First Agenda.”\xa0 Gooch, who has served multiple terms in the Georgia State Senate, is positioning himself as a staunch conservative voice in the race. His campaign emphasizes aggressive action on crime, immigration, and economic...', 'At 11:00 PM Sunday night, Donald Trump endorsed a conservative influencer&#8217;s suggestion that Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) should be renamed National Immigration and Customs Enforcement (NICE), &#8220;so the media has to say NICE Agents all day everyday.&#8221; &#8220;GREAT IDEA!!! DO IT .&#8221; the President wrote. He has rarely been able to resist the magic [&#8230;]', 'President&nbsp;Donald Trump&nbsp;endorsed the idea of renaming U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) as National Immigration and Customs Enforcement (NICE). In a Truth Social post, he shared a screenshot of a&nbsp;post&nbsp;on X in which someone had written, &#8220;I want Trump to change ICE to NICE (National Immigration and Customs Enforcement) so the media has to say...', 'Rhetoric dehumanizing immigrant and Latino communities may appear more open and in-your-face in the current political climate. But that has not been a barrier for Latinos seeking elective office or high-level roles in government. Voters are choosing an increasing number of nonwhite Hispanic leaders to local elective office — and many of the leaders are...', "Haitians, Syrians aren't the only immigrants watching U.S. Supreme Court arguments on temporary status", "Immigration and Customs Enforcement wants to deport a 12-year-old boy, despite his attorney's evidence that he is a U.S. citizen.", 'ATLANTA, GA – Liberty Counsel filed its opening brief to the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals on behalf of the Dustin Inman Society (DIS) and its late founder and president, D.A. King, appealing a lower court decision that determined there was a lack of evidence that the Southern Poverty Law Center’s (SPLC) “anti-immigrant hate group” label was assigned to DIS with “actual malice.”', 'The Department of Justice is joining in with Nebraska to pull back from a state law that allows some undocumented immigrants who grew up and', '*When Georges Budagu Makoko arrived in Maine in 2002, he spoke five languages. English was not one of them. Finding his way around the Pine Tree State proved incredibly difficult — there was almost no credible information on navigating American life for newly arrived Central and East African asylum seekers. So, he decided to become [&#8230;]The post How One Congolese Immigrant Founded Newsroom is Connecting Maine’s African Communities appeared first on EURweb | Black News, Culture, Entertainment & More.', 'In a comprehensive analysis of state and local sanctuary and anti-sanctuary policies, researchers have mapped the rapidly evolving legal immigration landscape in the US from 2000 to 2021. The dataset sheds light on trends in immigration legislation including "punitive" preemption, state government tendencies to enact laws that are ideologically opposed to the current federal administration, and conservative states using preemption to control liberal localities.', 'MIRI (April 27): The Sarawak Immigration Department detained six foreigners during an enforcement peration dubbed Ops Gegar here on Friday. The department said they comprised two Chinese nationals, one Filipino, and three Indonesians. It said the operation was carried out by the department&#8217;s Special Action Team following intelligence gathered on a reflexology centre here. &#8220;Inspection [...]The post Immigration Dept’s Ops Gegar nets six illegal immigrants from Miri reflexology centre appeared first on Borneo Post Online.', '\xa0NRSC Senate Republicans worked overnight to fully fund Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) following Democrats’ outright refusal to do so.&#160; “Senate Republicans', 'President Trump posted surveillance footage of Nilufa Easmin’s brutal killing by another immigrant to advance his agenda. Behind the rhetoric was a more nuanced story.', 'ICE arrests drop nearly 12% after Minneapolis killings and immigration shake-up', 'United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) has arrested a 53-year-old Nigerian, Olatunde Abiodun Olusanjo, in Los Angeles over previous criminal allegations, including child molestation and other sex offences. Olusanjo', 'Residential projects across Chicago are being postponed because construction companies are struggling to find reliable labor, prompting some contractors with projects west of Interstate 355 to operate with leaner crews and driving up day rates and overtime pay to attract workers.President Donald Trump’s immigration enforcement has been affecting Chicago’s labor market, notably tradesmen like roofers, framers, concrete layers and landscapers.The reverberations are difficult to aggregate given the off-the-books nature of the gray economy and insiders’ reluctance to speak out.But the ongoing...', 'Hayam El Gamal and five children were held for 10 months after husband allegedly threw molotov cocktails at crowdAn Egyptian family of six has been taken back into Immigration and Customs Enforcement custody, days after they were released from a detention facility in Texas on Thursday, according to their attorney Eric Lee.Lee said Saturday morning that Hayam El Gamal and her five children were on a private jet in Denver bound for Egypt because of a court order violation. Continue reading...', "As part of the new guidance, immigration officers were told to focus on applicants who supposedly spread antisemitism 'through rhetorical or physical actions.'", "As part of the new guidance, immigration officers were told to focus on applicants who supposedly spread antisemitism 'through rhetorical or physical actions.'", 'MADISON, Wis.&#8211; The Madison Metropolitan School District has announced school and after-school care will be closed for all students on Friday, May 1. The Madison Teachers Inc. received 70% of staff signatures for participation in a &#8220;A Day without Immigrants,&#8221; a nationwide protest and boycott related to the May Day Strong National Day of Action. [&#8230;]The post Madison School District announces May 1 closure over immigrant rights protest appeared first on WTMJ.', 'Those increases were offset by steep drops in a handful of large states, including Minnesota and Texas.', 'Home Depot’s latest move aims to resolve a major customer pain point: wasting time.&nbsp;&nbsp; After a challenging 2025, due to several consumer boycotts over its decision to cut its diversity, equity, and inclusion policies, its alleged cooperation with ICE’s immigration crackdown, and price ...', 'After a sweeping immigration crackdown filled Minneapolis streets with masked agents, arrests have fallen sharply following deadly incidents and leadership upheaval.', 'At the peak of the crackdown, carloads of masked immigration officers were a common sight in the streets of Minneapolis, while thousands of people were being arrested every week in Texas, Florida and California. In December alone, arrests by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents peaked at nearly 40,000 nationwide, according to data provided to UC Berkeley’s Deportation Data Project and analyzed by The Associated Press. Arrests were nearly as high the next month. But the killings by federal agents of two U.S. citizens in Minneapolis and the subsequent shake-up of top immigration officials...', 'The Republican supermajority in the Tennessee General Assembly approved a series of immigrations bills, crafted in coordination with the White House.', 'In guidance to immigration officers, the administration describes participating in pro-Palestinian protests and criticizing Israel as “overwhelmingly negative” factors.', 'Mr Samuel Basintale Amadu, the Comptroller-General of the Ghana Immigration Service (GIS), has called for urgent and coordinated action to address the challenges of unsafe migration routes.The post Unsafe migration routes continue to claim lives – GIS boss appeared first on Ghana Business News.', 'Said Jama Ahmed is being held in North Dakota on illegal entry charges after agents apprehended him near the US-Canada border earlier this month.', 'In her first interview since being deported, Marie-Thérèse Ross-Mahé, the French widow of a former G.I., recounted her experience in ICE detention.', 'By Jaimie Ding Contributing Writer LOS ANGELES (AP) — A federal appeals court has issued an order blocking a California law requiring federal immigration agents to wear identification, another blow to the state&#8217;s attempts to limit the Trump administration&#8217;s aggressive enforcement tactics. The Trump administration argued that wearing masks would threaten the safety of officers &#8230;', 'The ruling is the latest in a long-running battle over a Texas law permitting state and local law enforcement to arrest people for immigration violations and empowering state judges to issue deportation orders.', 'Under a proposed consent decree with the U.S. Department of Justice, Nebraska agreed to permanently end in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.', 'MILWAUKEE&#8212; Students and community members gathered in downtown Milwaukee on Friday, calling on the Milwaukee School of Engineering to cut ties with federal immigration enforcment. The demonstration comes after a student-led group sent a letter to MSOE President, Dr. Eric T. Baumgartner, outlining demands for the university to end its connection to Immigration and Customs [&#8230;]The post Students call on MSOE to cut ties with ICE, rally in downtown Milwaukee appeared first on WTMJ.', 'The Bluetile SB Dunk features butterfly-inspired details inspired by Mexican immigrants.', 'New York filed a lawsuit Friday to challenge the federal Transportation Department&#8217;s decision to withhold nearly $74 million in highway&#8230;', 'As we honor the many contributions that citizens have made to our nation over its 250 years, we must also celebrate the immigrants who arrived seeking the American Dream and in turn helped elevate our country to new heights.', 'The remaining 6,000 members of the community are expected to immigrate by 2030.--The post 200+ Bnei Menashe immigrate to Israel from Israel, the first to make the journey in years appeared first on Jewish Telegraphic Agency.', nan, 'Conservative columnist and commentator Matt Lewis thinks that conspiracies about President Donald Trump have reached a whole new level, and he\'s sounding the alarm. Writing for The Hill on Friday, Lewis commented that, for someone known for creating so many conspiracy theories, it has become a "live by the sword — die by the sword" life in the second term of Trump\'s presidency. For the past ten years, nothing Trump said or did could bring him down. His conspiracies about former President Barack Obama and false claims that Haitian immigrants were eating people\'s pets have been mocked, but didn...', 'President Donald Trump recently proclaimed that the SAVE Act was his "number one priority," but according to lawmakers who spoke with NOTUS, the bill is dead in the water, with one source saying, "That horse has left the barn."The SAVE Act is a sweeping election reform proposal, built largely on the back of Trump\'s long-debunked claims that immigrants are illegally voting in massive numbers. Among other provisions, the bill would require individuals to present proof of citizenship and ID when registering to vote and when voting in person. Critics have argued that this would "disenfranchise" a...', 'The UK appears to be taking a page out of Canadian immigration policy. An asylum seeker who filmed a woman being gang raped on a beach had earlier been convicted of murder in Egypt, British prosecutors said. According to UK media reports Karin Al-Danasurt, 20, was found guilty of four counts of rape as a [&#8230;]', 'President John Dramani Mahama has reaffirmed government rsquo;s commitment to modernising the Ghana Immigration Service, assuring the Service of continued support for reforms aimed at strengthening border security and improving operational efficiency.', 'An illegal immigrant convicted of raping his stepdaughter was granted early parole under a California law signed by Gov. Newsom, sparking outrage.', 'The Comptroller-General of the Ghana Immigration Service (GIS), Mr Samuel Basintale Amadu, has expressed readiness to deepen cooperation with international partners to strengthen migration governance and border security in Ghana.', 'A coalition of French delivery worker advocacy groups has filed a criminal complaint against food delivery platforms Deliveroo and Uber Eats, accusing them of human trafficking . They are also threatening Uber Eats with a class action lawsuit for discrimination on behalf of delivery workers, many of whom are immigrants.', 'Rights groups have urged fans, players, journalists, and other visitors to this summer 39;s World Cup to exercise caution if travelling to the United States. More than 120 organisations have collectively issued a 39;travel advisory 39; driven by what they say is the Trump administration 39;s violent and abusive immigration crackdo .', 'Conservative super PAC threatens to unseat Republicans over immigration bill', "Immigration officials are sending 'stern warning letters' to criminal permanent residents, instead of deporting them. It doesn't work", 'The three finalists for the World Press Photo of the year. | Image: World Press Photo We love to muse over how "real" photography is defined here at The Verge now that generative AI is so prolific, and the World Press Photo competition might have the answer. The prestigious award celebrates the best of photojournalism, where capturing reality is paramount. The winning entry for 2026 - "Separated by ICE," captured by photojournalist Carol Guzy - was announced yesterday. The harrowing photograph shows children clinging to their father after an immigration hearing. The photo had to abide by...', 'A Judge has ordered immigration officials to release the family of the man accused of killing one person and injuring 13 others in Boulder, Colo.', 'Members of the community held a press conference to rally against the possibility of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement leasing office space in Suffolk.', 'Two lawmakers, an immigration lawyer and an organizer advocated for political reform to restrict immigration detentions at a Georgetown University College Democrats (GUCD) panel April 22. The event featured Rep. Jennifer McClellan (D-Va.); Will Smith (D), a Maryland state senator; Hassan Ahmad, an immigration attorney; and Gerson Quinteros, a community organizer from United We Dream,...', "Alberta Premier Danielle Smith has launched a website to put the weight of the government's persuasive powers behind getting a democratic mandate for sweeping immigration reform. Smith said Thursday it's about ensuring Albertans have the information they need to understand the effect of a yes vote o...", 'The president touched off a furor with his post sharing a podcast episode in which the host referred to China and India as “hellhole” places.', 'A federal judge on Thursday ordered the release from immigration custody of the family of a man charged in a fatal 2025 firebomb attack in Boulder, Colorado, against demonstrators supporting Israeli hostages in Gaza. U.S. District Judge Fred Biery in San Antonio said Hayam El Gamal and her five children can be released from a...', "President Donald Trump’s policies are so unpopular, many Americans are considering fleeing to their northern neighbor — and it appears a new Canadian policy intended to help them is so popular, one lawyer’s office is inundated with calls.“Nicholas Berning, an immigration attorney at Boundary Bay Law in Bellingham, Washington, said his practice is ‘pretty much flooded with this,’” reported The Associated Press' Sarah Raza on Thursday. Berning was referring to Americans who believe that, because Canada will now extend citizenship to anyone who can prove an ancestor was born in their...", 'An Egyptian family that&#8217;s been detained at Dilley&#8217;s South Texas Immigration Processing Center is set to be released after 10 months in detention. Attorneys for the six detained members of the El Gamal family confirmed the news via Twitter, after successfully arguing their third habeas petition in San Antonio on Thursday. &#8220;The Court has ordered [&#8230;]The post Judge orders immediate release of El Gamal family after 10 months in Dilley detention facility appeared first on San Antonio Current.', 'Jessamyn Dodd IMPERIAL COUNTY, Calif. (KYMA) &#8211; The First Amendment Coalition has filed a lawsuit on behalf of freelance investigative reporter Joey Scott, seeking the release of records related to the county&#8217;s dealings with federal immigration agencies. The lawsuit was filed after the county refused to provide documents requested by Scott under the California PublicThe post Journalist files lawsuit against Imperial County over records request appeared first on KESQ.', 'Federal agents arrested a Guatemalan illegal immigrant charged with child pornography after Fairfax County allegedly ignored an ICE detainer request.', 'Vote in favour would give leverage to implement legislation restricting who would receive social services and provincially-funded programs', 'A Mexican national who was convicted of a 2023 attempted carjacking in Palatine and possessing a weapon in jail is now facing federal charges for illegally re-entering the U.S. after being deported in 2020.', 'Tennessee lawmakers have voted to mandate local law enforcement agencies across the state to partner with U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement as part of a push to aid the Trump administration’s immigration agenda. The measure is part of a legislative package from U.S. Homeland Security Advisor Stephen Miller and would require sheriff’s offices and police [&#8230;]', 'Since the new law took effect Dec. 15, immigration lawyers in the United States and Canada say they have been overwhelmed by clients seeking help submitting proof of citizenship applications.', 'The Alberta Advantage is not about low taxes. The Alberta Advantage is the founding promise that it does not matter when you came here, where you came from, or what led you here — but that you will be measured by the content of your character and how you show up for your community. From [&#8230;]', 'A federal judge on Thursday ordered the release from immigration custody of the family of a man charged in a&#8230;', "SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH - Amid an expansion of federal immigration enforcement operations, ICE has reportedly purchased a 833,000 square foot warehouse in Salt Lake City, paying well above its assessed value, to support detention, processing, and logistical needs in the region. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) | Getty Images A bill introduced by Rep. Rashida Tlaib (D-MI) would prohibit the Department of Homeland Security from converting warehouses and similar buildings into immigrant detention centers, an attempt to slow President Donald Trump's mass deportations campaign. The Ban Warehouse...", 'by Elena Vance - Senate adopts GOP budget resolution to fund ICE and help reopen DHSWashington — The Senate on April 23 adopted a Republican budget resolution that GOP leaders say will enable funding for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and Border Patrol through the budget ...', "IMPERIAL COUNTY, Calif. (KYMA) - The First Amendment Coalition has filed a lawsuit on behalf of freelance investigative reporter Joey Scott, seeking the release of records related to the county's dealings with federal immigration agencies. The lawsuit was filed after the county refused to provide documents requested by Scott under the California Public Records Act.The post Journalist files lawsuit against Imperial County over records request appeared first on KYMA.", 'A Tennessee proposal to ban undocumented immigrants from receiving local benefits will now come with reporting requirements for the agencies that deny them. The statehouse approved the legislation this week, alongside other bills in a legislative package designed to bring Trump’s immigration policies\xa0to the state level. One measure that would’ve required all hospitals, police departments [&#8230;]', 'COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (KRDO) -- The attorney representing the family of the\xa045-year-old man accused of setting people on fire in an antisemitic attack in Boulder says the family is expected to be released today, April 23. Attorney Eric Lee announced on April 20 that a federal judge had ordered U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement toThe post Attorney says family of Boulder attack suspect to be released from ICE custody today appeared first on KRDO.', 'President Donald Trump used his Truth Social platform Wednesday to amplify a racist, anti-immigrant screed attacking birthright citizenship that calls India and China — two of America’s most critical strategic partners — “hellhole” nations, discusses defying the Supreme Court, and urges federal prosecution of the country’s leading civil liberties organization.The attack, a transcript from a “Savage Nation” podcast, details right-wing radio host Michael Savage’s response to recent Supreme Court arguments in Trump v. Barbara — a case in which the ACLU is challenging Trump’s...', 'WASHINGTON — U.S. Senate Republicans approved a budget resolution early Thursday intended to speed the way for billions for immigration enforcement, sending the measure to the House, where GOP lawmakers in that chamber need to adopt it to unlock the reconciliation process.\xa0 The\xa050-48 vote followed a marathon amendment voting session that Democrats used to highlight [&#8230;]', 'Duo immigrated from Europe to Canada in the 1990s and became friends while taking ESL classes', 'President Donald Trump used his Truth Social platform Wednesday to amplify a racist, anti-immigrant screed attacking birthright citizenship that calls India and China — two of America&#8217;s most critical strategic partners — &#8220;hellhole&#8221; nations, discusses defying the Supreme Court, and urges federal prosecution of the country&#8217;s leading civil liberties organization. The attack, a transcript from [&#8230;]The post &#8216;Vile Racist&#8217;: Trump Promotes Unhinged Anti-Birthright Citizenship Screed appeared first on The New Civil Rights Movement.', "Border czar Tom Homan publicly invited Pope Leo XIV to go on a ride-along with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to get the Trump administration's perspective on border security.", 'Kofi Donkor, husband and manager of renowned Ghanaian gospel artiste Celestine Donkor, has publicly accused officers of the Ghana Immigration Service of unlawfully entering his residence without a warrant.', 'Republicans pushed through a budget plan with a $70 billion increase for immigration enforcement after an overnight session in which they beat back Democratic proposals aimed at lowering costs.', 'The justice and deputy migration ministries have recorded 195 deportations, 729 voluntary departures and 204 arrests since March, according to figures released on Thursday. In a joint statement, the ministries describe the initiative as “a joint strategy for managing migration flows, involving continuous operational activity by police and immigration services”. The same period also saw [&#8230;]', 'The history of the Greek diaspora in the United States is often traced to the massive waves of immigration in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. However, the true roots of this story reach much further back, to the sun-drenched, tumultuous shores of 18th-century Florida. At the heart of this early, often overlooked chapter [&#8230;]', 'The measure now requires approval from the House if lawmakers are to succeed at fully reopening the government.', 'Linus Aleke in Abuja The Nigeria Police Force has strengthened its partnership with the National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP) and the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS)', 'Trump supports a video by Savage, which says the current legal system allows immigrants to exploit American laws by arriving in the "ninth month of their pregnancy".', 'The budget resolution, which passed 50-48, is a bid to circumvent the Democratic filibuster and fund immigration enforcement agencies and reopen the DHS.', 'Sioux Falls: Potentially millions of Americans now have a much easier path to Canadian citizenship following changes in Canada’s immigration law, prompting a surge of people exploring their ancestry and filing paperwork to seek dual citizenship.For Zack Loud of Farmington, Minnesota, it came as a surprise to learn that under the new law, Canada already considers him and his siblings citizens because their grandmother is Canadian.“My wife and I were already talking about potentially looking at jobs outside the country, but citizenship pushed Canada way up on our list,” he said.Since the...', 'Originally Published: 23 APR 26 03:55 ET By Morgan Rimmer, Sarah Ferris, Ted Barrett, CNN (CNN) — With Congress still at a stalemate over how to end the Department of Homeland Security shutdown, Senate Republicans took a key step to tee up a party-line measure funding the most controversial immigration programs — and eventually reopenThe post Senate takes key step toward funding ICE and border patrol with only GOP votes appeared first on KVIA.', 'Republicans pushed through a budget plan with a $70 billion increase for immigration enforcement after an overnight session in which they beat back Democratic proposals aimed at lowering costs.', 'Authorities said the\xa0abuse took place\xa0over a two-year period while Lopez-Montoya served as the girl’s guardian.', 'International students share how community supports immigrants’ mental health', 'By Torin Record-Sand Reporting for West Seattle Blog Two topics that have receded from the spotlight a bit lately took it back at the April meeting of West Seattle Indivisible, with two presentations aimed at providing a retrospective on the current federal government&#8217;s actions. The first was a presentation from longtime local immigration lawyer Ester [&#8230;]', 'Jose Lopez-Montoya, an illegal immigrant from Honduras, pleaded guilty to raping and impregnating a 12-year-old relative and faces up to 99 years.', 'A Mexican national who voted illegally in US elections and falsely claimed to be a citizen has been convicted and could face removal under federal immigration law.', 'Seven people arrested by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents outside Allston Car Wash last year filed a complaint against federal officials, alleging they suffered unlawful detainment, mistreatment and “inhumane” conditions in custody. The complaint was filed Wednesday by Lawyers for Civil Rights, a Boston based non-profit, on behalf of seven of the nine immigrant workers...', 'Rita Wilson opened up about the life-altering moment she discovered that her father had a separate family in Bulgaria before he immigrated to the US. See details.', 'An attorney representing the wife of an active-duty U.S. Army sergeant said she was misled about her release from immigration detention Wednesday and faces deportation.', 'Seven people arrested by ICE agents outside Allston Car Wash last year filed a complaint against federal officials, alleging they suffered unlawful detainment, mistreatment and “inhumane” conditions in custody. The complaint was filed Wednesday by Lawyers for Civil Rights, a Boston based non-profit, on behalf of seven of the nine immigrant workers detained in the...', 'RIVERSIDE, Calif. (KESQ) - A 50-year-old Riverside man who sexually abused an immigrant girl and threatened or physically harmed her two brothers, over whom he had guardianship, for years was bound for state prison today to serve a term of 52 years, eight months behind bars. Mazen Aliwi Alawi was convicted by a Riverside juryThe post Man who abused three immigrant children for years headed to prison appeared first on KESQ.', 'LOS ANGELES (KESQ) - A San Diego man pleaded guilty today in downtown Los Angeles to federal charges for impersonating an immigration agent in order to con tens of thousands of dollars from Orange County immigrants who sought "green cards\'\' and U.S. citizenship. Davyd George Brand Jimenez, 55, of San Ysidro, entered his plea toThe post SoCal man pleads guilty to posing as ICE agent to bilk Latino immigrants appeared first on KESQ.', 'The number of immigrants residing in \u200cthe European Union climbed to a record high of 64.2 million in 2025, up about \u200c2.1 million from a year \u2060earlier, according…', 'California lawmakers alarmed by the treatment of people brought to hospitals by federal immigration agents want to strengthen protections forThe post California Lawmakers Seek Protections for Patients in ICE Custody appeared first on The Business Journal.', 'Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz is working on a book inspired in part by the massive immigration enforcement surge in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area earlier this year and by the extensive pushback of local residents. “Good Neighbors” will be published next year, W.W. Norton & Company told The Associated Press on Wednesday. “Last winter, Minnesotans from...', 'Federal prosecutors say the remaining members of the “Broadview Six” should be barred from making arguments about free speech rights when they go to trial next month — though the feds also plan to use protest chants caught on video as evidence against the group.Prosecutors also argued there should be no references to the October shooting of Marimar Martinez by a Border Patrol agent in Chicago, nor of the fatal shootings this year of Renee Good and Alex Pretti by immigration authorities in Minnesota.Meanwhile, defense attorneys asked U.S. District Judge April Perry to bar the feds from...', 'WASHINGTON — U.S. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Wednesday that Democrats will use the unlimited number of amendment votes they are allowed on Republicans’ budget resolution to illustrate policy differences on cost-of-living issues and immigration activities.\xa0 “We are for reducing costs for the American people, whether it&#8217;s housing or whether it&#8217;s health care or [&#8230;]', 'Mario Bustamante Leiva did not recognize Noem when he grabbed her Gucci handbag from the floor of a restaurant where she was eating with her family in April 2025.', 'Sen. Elissa Slotkin, D-Mich., appeared to compare ICE agents enforcing immigration law to oppressive British forces during a Senate debate on DHS shutdown reforms.', "PASADENA, Calif. (KESQ) - A Pasadena appeals court today temporarily blocked California from enforcing a law limiting when federal agents can wear masks. The No Vigilantes Act, passed by the Legislature and signed by Gov. Gavin Newsom last year, came in response to the Trump administration's immigration raids in Southern California over the summer, duringThe post Pasadena appeals court blocks law banning masks for federal agents appeared first on KESQ.", "Los Angeles Golf Club owner Alexis Ohanian looks on during the match against the Jupiter Links Golf Club at SoFi Center on March 24, 2026 in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. | Image: TGL Golf via Getty Images Hello and welcome to Regulator, a newsletter for Verge readers about tech politics, political tech, and how they're muddying the waters of Washington, DC. My birthday is this week, and if you're not a Verge subscriber but would like to wish me a happy birthday, you should subscribe here, because that would be the best gift of all. (Tips sent to tina.nguyen+tips@theverge.com would be a very...", '*Michaela Coel has said she believes the United Kingdom is no longer viewed as an appealing destination for many West Africans, pointing to shifting attitudes shaped by recent political tensions and public demonstrations over immigration. The actress, who divides her time between London and Ghana, said life feels more settled in her home country as [&#8230;]The post Michaela Coel Says UK Has &#8216;Lost the Attraction It Once Had&#8217; for West African Migrants appeared first on EURweb | Black News, Culture, Entertainment & More.', 'Brazil revokes credentials of US immigration officer, federal police chief says', 'DENVER (AP) — A Colorado prosecutor said Wednesday that an immigration officer has been charged with third-degree assault and criminal mischief following an investigation into the treatment of a protester seen being put into a chokehold. Multiple videos show a masked federal agent placing Franci Stagi in what she described as a chokehold, and pulling...', 'A federal appeals court ruled on a California law passed in 2025 requiring federal immigration agents to wear a badge or some form of identification.', 'Her name is Hayam El Gamal. She is the mother of five children and one young adult, ages 5 to 18, from Colorado.\xa0They have been detained for over 10 months in the immigration processing center in the South Texas town of Dilley. El Gamal has been experiencing severe stomach pain and a potentially cancerous lump [&#8230;]The post Broken Heart of Texas appeared first on Fort Worth Weekly.', 'DURANGO, Colo. (AP) — A Colorado prosecutor said Wednesday that an immigration officer has been charged with third-degree assault and&#8230;', 'Washington\xa0— The Justice Department is preparing to solicit applications for up to $3.5 billion in grants to pay for mostly immigration-related law enforcement programs, equipment and personnel, multiple sources familiar with the plans told CBS News. The grant solicitations, most of which are not yet public, will fund everything from the construction of immigration detention facilities and the purchase of...', 'The infamous Florida immigrant detention center known as &#8220;Alligator Alcatraz&#8221; can remain open, an appeals court ruled Tuesday, overturning a lower judge’s decision to close the facility because it violated federal environmental laws. The ruling is the latest development in the months-long legal battle against the center, which was constructed in the Everglades last summer [&#8230;]', 'Marimar Martinez, the Chicago woman who was shot five times by a Border Patrol agent in October, is testifying Wednesday before the Homeland Security Committee in Washington.It’s the first time Martinez is testifying before a congressional committee.She first appeared before Congress at a Feb. 3 public forum organized in response to the deaths of two Minnesotans at the hands of federal immigration officers, telling lawmakers she wanted federal agents held accountable and to hear an apology. She also said she wanted the Trump administration to acknowledge she is “not a domestic terrorist.”...', 'A WWE Hall of Famer has called out the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).', 'HOUSTON (AP) — A Houston city ordinance that limited police officers’ cooperation with federal immigration agents was amended on Wednesday&#8230;', 'Approximately five per cent of Cyprus population are refugees, ranking the island first among the three countries recording the highest share of immigrants in the European Union, a report by the Rockwool Foundation (RF) found on Wednesday. “The EU is home to a record number of foreign-born residents, reaching approximately 64 million in 2025,” the [&#8230;]', 'Delaware officials are appealing a federal court order requiring the state to provide employee wage and identification records to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). The April 13th ruling directs the Delaware Department of Labor to comply with a federal subpoena seeking records from 15 businesses as part of an immigration investigation into alleged undocumented workers. State officials have filed an appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and are seeking to delay enforcement of the order while the case is under review. Governor Matt Meyer said the state is...', 'France Titres, a French government agency, has disclosed a data breach that may have exposed user data from its online portal. France Titres, also known as the Agence nationale des titres sécurisés (ANTS), operates under the French Ministry of the Interior and manages systems for official identity and registration documents, including driver’s licences, national ID cards, passports, and immigration documents. According to the agency, the incident was detected on Wednesday, April 15, and remains under &#8230; More &#8594;The post Cyberattack on French government agency triggers phishing...', 'Thousands of undocumented and irregular Ghanaian migrants residing in Spain are expected to benefit from a new immigration regularisation programme introduced by the Spanish government aimed at legalising the status of irregular migrants and asylum seekers.', 'Life issues, immigration, juvenile justice and education were key issues addressed during the Maryland General Assembly session that ended April 13 that the Maryland Catholic Conference followed and took stances on.', 'The Comptroller General of the Ghana Immigration Service, Samuel Basintale Amadu, has assured the public that Ghana rsquo;s borders remain secure, with no ongoing criminal activities detected. He gave the assurance after touring the Dormaa and Sampa operational areas to assess security conditions and engage officers on challenges affectin .', "Many of the harms of recent immigration enforcement are incalculable. But researchers have put a number on the economic toll in Southern California's agricultural communities.", 'The other autobiography So, I left for Hamburg, and a few days later, I had to travel to Kabul for ten days. Upon my return, I visited the Immigration Office near Hauptbahnhof to conclude the process.', 'The Prince George’s County Council has passed another bill targeting businesses that cater to society’s worst vices or small businesses often owned by immigrants looking to make their way in the United States.', 'The number of immigrants residing in the European Union climbed to a record high of 64.2 million in 2025, up about 2.1 million from a year earlier, according to a report published on Wednesday by the Centre for Research and Analysis on Migration at RFBerlin. The figure compares with 40 million in 2010, the report [&#8230;]', "Olaolukitan Adon-Abel, 26, was discovered unresponsive late on Tuesday night in his cell at a DeKalb County jail, according to the sheriff's office.", 'The\xa0Department of Homeland Security\xa0(DHS) said Montejo was arrested days after the minor was found giving birth in the parking lot of Oconee Memorial Hospital in South Carolina.', "SANTA BARBARA, Calif. (KEYT) The Santa Barbara City Council voted in favor of an updated resolution\xa0to re-affirm the city's response to ICE. The 6-1 vote followed a couple of hours of discussion. The resolution promotes community safety, diversity and public trust in response to Federal Immigration Enforcement. Mayor Randy Rowse voted against the plan dueThe post Santa Barbara City Council approves resolution in wake of ICE activity appeared first on News Channel 3-12.", 'The official cause of death has not been determined, but foul play is not suspected, according to the DeKalb County Sheriff’s Office.', 'SANTA FE, N.M. (AP) — The wife of a U.S. Army sergeant was being held Tuesday at an immigration detention facility in El Paso, Texas, amid signs that the Trump administration is dialing back leniency toward immigrant family members of military personnel and veterans. Jose Serrano, an active duty soldier who served three tours in...', 'SANTA BARBARA COUNTY, Calif.—The Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors has approved a series of measures aimed at addressing concerns around immigration enforcement, including new protections tied to elections and limits on enforcement activity on county property. In a set of votes held Tuesday in Santa Maria, the board approved all three components of aThe post Santa Barbara County Draws the Line: Supervisors Advance ICE Limits and Voter Protections appeared first on News Channel 3-12.', 'The immigrant experience is something I felt deeply connected to through my parents, but it wasn’t until experiencing firsthand being the target of annoyance that I realized I understood very little about the emotional side of immigration. The post Personal Essay: My time abroad put immigration experience into perspective appeared first on The Daily Orange.', 'The Ghana Immigration Service (GIS) has intensified its nationwide crackdown on organised street begging networks, rescuing more than 600 undocumented migrants in a major operation in Kumasi in the Ashanti Region.', 'ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — An immigration detention center in the Florida Everglades known as “Alligator Alcatraz” will remain open, an appeals court decided Tuesday, upholding its earlier decision to block a judge&#8217;s order for the facility to wind down operations because it didn&#8217;t comply with federal environmental law. A majority on the three-judge panel from...', 'Private immigration detention\xa0centers\xa0will be effectively banned in Montgomery County after the County Council’s unanimous vote Tuesday to pass the ICE Out Act.', 'The resolution would pave the way for Republicans to push through a $70 billion infusion to pay for immigration enforcement for the remainder of President Trump’s tenure.', 'Senate Republicans begin budget reconciliation to fund immigration operations for the rest of Trump&apos;s term amid a DHS funding standoff with Democrats.', 'US Senate Republicans to move forward with budget plan for Trump immigration enforcement', nan, 'NEW YORK (AP) — A Bangladeshi immigrant is rightly serving a life prison sentence for a fizzled 2017 subway bombing attack beneath New York City’s Times Square, a federal appeals panel said Tuesday while reversing his conviction for providing material support to the Islamic State extremist group. The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said...', 'NEW YORK (AP) — A Bangladeshi immigrant is rightly serving a life prison sentence for a fizzled 2017 subway bombing&#8230;', 'by Uriel J. García, The Texas TribuneApril 16, 2026 EL PASO — In the summer of 2025, José, his wife Carolina and their teenage daughter arrived for their first scheduled hearing at an immigration court in downtown El Paso. The family believed they were going to argue their case for political asylum proceedings after fleeingThe post A Venezuelan family followed the rules to enter the U.S. After being arrested and detained for a month, they’re leaving. appeared first on KVIA.', "The Florida Department of Education proposed a rule barring undocumented immigrants from the state's 28 colleges and giving schools discretion to reject students based on past misconduct. The move follows various legislative attempts to limit non-resident enrollment and mirrors recent laws targeting students, dissenters and migrants. The post Florida Rule Would Require Proof Of U.S. Citizenship for Admission to State Colleges appeared first on FlaglerLive.", "The U.S. House of Representatives offered a rare challenge to President Donald Trump's immigration enforcement agenda on Thursday as \u200ca handful of Republicans joined Democrats to vote to…", 'ATLANTA (AP) — A man who served in the U.S. Navy after immigrating from Britain has been charged in a&#8230;', 'Thousands of foreign residents in Spain are suddenly worried about one thing: will their immigration appointment still go ahead next [&#8230;]', 'Conservative influencer and\xa0YouTuber Nick Shirley\xa0called out a proposed California bill on Monday that he argued would “criminalize investigative journalism.', 'New York will lose more than $73.5 million in federal money because the Transportation Department said Thursday that state has&#8230;', 'House passes a bill to protect Haitian immigrants, in slap back to the Trump administration', 'Illegal immigrants in California homeless shelters allegedly received taxpayer-funded sex change procedures through the state&apos;s Medi-Cal program.', "The charges could intensify a clash between the Trump administration and Minnesota officials over the White House's immigration crackdown.", "House appropriators met with the heads of ICE and Border Patrol over next year’s funding, even as Congress grapples with a Republican-led plan to fund homeland security programs without Democrats' support.", 'The Cotati City Council has taken a firm stand on immigrant rights, unanimously passing a resolution that limits local collaboration with federal immigration authorities. In a 4-0 vote Tuesday night, leaders barred the use of city resources', 'Minnesota prosecutors have spent weeks investigating the conduct of immigration agents who took part in an immigration crackdown in the Twin Cities.', 'Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada reports receiving more than 12,000 citizenship by descent applications between Dec. 15 and the end of January.', 'The Comptroller-General of Immigration, Mr. Samuel Basintale Amadu, has appealed to the Municipal Chief Executive of Wenchi, Ms Gloria Opoku Gyamfi, to allocate land for the construction of a befitting office for the Ghana Immigration Service (GIS) Sector Command.', 'A shareholder of Thomson Reuters, the parent of the Reuters news service, has asked it to launch an investigation into whether its products have contributed to human rights violations with regard to the company&#8217;s sale of personal data to Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), reports Joseph Cox of 404 Media. Cox reports, &#8220;The move is [&#8230;]', 'Justice Sonia Sotomayor issued a highly unusual public apology to a colleague Wednesday, saying her criticism of Justice Brett Kavanaugh for his writing in an earlier immigration case was unfair.', 'Trump’s attempt to end the status for Haiti, Venezuela, Syria, and other nations in crisis "is cruel, unlawful, & life-threatening," said Rep. Ayanna Pressley, D-Mass.The post House moving ahead on bill to protect Haitian immigrants, in slap back to Trump administration appeared first on Boston.com.', 'In a rare bipartisan moment, the House has agreed to consider legislation that would extend temporary protections for Haitian immigrants. The effort is pushing back against the Trump administration’s attempts to end the program. The bill is heading for a final House vote Thursday, and it would require the Trump administration to extend for three years Temporary Protected Status for Haiti. That would allow qualifying immigrants to remain in the U.S. without fear of deportation. House Democrats forced it forward, joined by a small number of Republicans, over the objections of GOP leadership...', 'While admitting that trying to predict rulings from the Supreme Court can be foolish, a veteran court reporter for the New York Times nevertheless predicted that President Donald Trump is cruising for an inevitable defeat in one particular case.Linda Greenhouse is a Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter known for covering the Supreme Court for the Times from 1978 to 2008. In a new piece published Thursday morning, she highlighted an ongoing case involving the Trump administration’s efforts to revoke Temporary Protected Status from Haitian and Syrian immigrants, Trump v. Miot and Mullin v. Doe. The...', 'WASHINGTON (AP) — In a rare bipartisan moment, the House has agreed to consider legislation that would extend temporary protections&#8230;', 'The Comptroller-General of Immigration (CGI) for the Ghana Immigration Service (GIS), Mr Samuel Basintale Amadu, has paid a courtesy call on the Bono Regional Minister, Mr Joseph Addea Akwaboa, as part of his five-day official tour of the region.', "On today's show:Eli Stokols, White House and foreign affairs correspondent at Politico, talks about the politics of Viktor Orbán's loss and the implications for the White House and MAGA world.After federal funding cuts, the state is raising income eligibility for the Essential Plan health insurance program, potentially excluding about 450,000 New Yorkers from the coverage.\xa0Caroline Lewis, health care reporter for WNYC and Gothamist, and\xa0Elisabeth Benjamin, vice president of Health Initiatives at the Community Service Society and co-founder of the Health Care for All New York Campaign, talk...", 'WASHINGTON DC: Vice President of the United States JD Vance said his Indian-origin in-laws are &#8220;great contributors&#8221; to the United States, as he underlined that while the administration is taking a tough stand on immigration fraud, it also recognizes the role of immigrants who have &#8220;enriched&#8221; the country. Speaking at a Turning Point USA tour [&#8230;]', 'Take a look at some editorial cartoons from across the U.S. and world.', 'On Wednesday evening, Boca Raton Mayor Andy Thomson made his first public appearance at Florida Atlantic University since being sworn in on March 31 to speak with FAU students and engage with them on key issues at a Town Hall hosted by the FAU College Democrats.The College Democrats invited Thomson to address the student body at the Marleen and Harold Forkas Alumni Center on FAU’s Boca Raton campus. In an open-forum discussion, Thomson was met with questions regarding housing, affordability, traffic, and immigration.\xa0Thomson is an adjunct professor at the university, teaching local and state...', 'The attorney for a USC student shot and blinded by a Department of Homeland Security officer at a "No Kings" rally announced Wednesday that they\'re filing a federal claim against the agency — the first step in filing a federal civil rights lawsuit.', 'New Mississippi laws aimed at curbing illegal immigration could face challenges from ACLUbrandonsupWed, 04/15/2026 - 08:28 PM', 'The amendment was never written to exclude children of immigrants who lived, worked or started families in the U.S. v. Wong Kim Ark established a clear precedent. Trump’s current challenge reframes a settled constitutional rule as an unsettled question. The post Opinion: Trump’s push to deny birthright citizenship uproots U.S. identity appeared first on The Daily Orange.', "Ted Cruz, Supreme Court Justice?: One hell of a promotion for being annoying to work with! How Much Is Your Loyalty To Your Firm Worth?: Probably less than $80M!The Rich Really Do Get Richer: The #1 firm raked in $10.556 billion in gross revenue!Where Would You Like To Work?: This quality of life ranking should help you narrow down your options. That's A Lot Of Judicial Firings: The Trump administration has fired over 100 immigration judges so far.It Isn't What You Know, It's How You Think: Conservative judges are hiring clerks before 1L grades are in if their politics align. The post Talk...", 'At the University of Kansas School of Law last week, she criticized her colleague while discussing his views in an immigration-related case.', 'Immigrant advocates are calling on a Catholic hospital chain to publicly release their policy on treating patients detained by Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Advocates say Ascension Saint Thomas barred priests and legal counsel from speaking with a young man in ICE custody at the hospital’s Murfreesboro campus. Eyewitnesses with Music City Migra Watch said they [&#8230;]', 'By John Fritze, CNN (CNN) &#8212; Justice Sonia Sotomayor issued a highly unusual public apology to a colleague Wednesday, saying her criticism of Justice Brett Kavanaugh for his writing in an earlier immigration case was unfair. “At a recent appearance at the University of Kansas School of Law, I referred to a disagreement with oneThe post Sonia Sotomayor apologizes for ‘hurtful’ public comments about Brett Kavanaugh on immigration appeared first on KRDO.', 'Probably has something to do with them doing their jobs. The post The Trump Administration Has Fired Over 100 Immigration Judges Without Explanation appeared first on Above the Law.', 'The Spring 2026 election results are in, ushering in a new student leadership focused on protecting immigrant families and enhancing campus safety.The post Sosa-Diaz and Mateo claim victory in ASCC presidential race first appeared on Talon Marks.', 'There was, unfortunately, nothing unusual about Juan Sebastián Carvajal-Muñoz’s brutal abduction by masked immigration agents in January.', 'Federal prosecutors in Chicago secured their first guilty plea tied to Operation Midway Blitz on Wednesday, though not for the assault charge they’d originally leveled against Anthony Gonzalez Alvarez.Instead, he pleaded guilty to concealing information about a crime, admitting that he falsely reported his Ford F-250 stolen to the Chicago Police Department after driving into the rear of a vehicle driven by immigration officers.The charge, officially known as “misprison of a felony,” is apparently rare enough that it prompted an in-court discussion of how to pronounce “misprision...', 'MGN A man who was arrested by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) in Chattanooga in January of 2026 has died in ICE custody in Louisiana. 49-year-old Alejandro Cabrera Clemente was found unresponsive at Winn Correctional Center on April 11, 2026. Once found, staff began life-saving measures. According to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, at approximately 8:51 am, an onsite physician...', 'Federal prosecutors said ICE told them a May 2025 guidance justified arrests at immigration courts, then eventually admitted it did not.', "Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent indicated Wednesday that Trump's no-tax-on-overtime incentive is meant to offset the loss of labor by newly deported illegal immigrants.", 'U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement cannot proceed with retrofitting a warehouse in Western Maryland into a detention facility, pending further court proceedings, a federal judge ruled Wednesday.', 'Something happened on Wednesday that one civil rights lawyer called "inconceivable 18 months ago": A Justice Department prosecutor was sanctioned by a judge. It may not seem like a big deal, after all, it was only $250, but Political legal reporter Kyle Cheney explained that it was after a prosecutor used a commonly heard phrase in court. For the past 18 months, the DOJ has been completely overwhelmed. American citizens and legal immigrants are being swept up in President Donald Trump\'s mass deportation efforts and the president is breathing down the necks of the DOJ to go after his political...', 'The Ghana Immigration Service has carried out a major intelligence-led operation in the Greater Accra Region, rescuing hundreds of individuals and targeting organised street begging networks linked to human trafficking.', "Immigration tribunal declared the failed student from India was 'a dupe' for trying to steal a BMW from a dealership", 'A proposed California bill aims to protect immigration support providers, but critics claim it could shield fraudsters from citizen investigations.', 'Spain’s latest immigration reform could offer an unexpected opportunity for some foreign residents, including UK nationals, who are currently living [&#8230;]', 'By Adam Swift Senator Ed Markey visited La Colaborativa’s Survival Center on Sixth Street last Friday to highlight efforts to empower immigrant communities and combat food insecurity. Markey, in collaboration with Senator Elizabeth Warren and Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley, was able&#8230;Read more &#8594;', 'The Department of Justice fired six immigration judges Friday, including the Boston judge who blocked the deportation of Tufts University student Rümeysa Öztürk earlier this year. Roopal Patel, a Biden-appointed judge in the Boston Immigration Court, is the 113th immigration judge laid off by the Trump administration since his second term, according to reporting from...', 'Trump border czar Tom Homan says he is open to talks with Pope Leo XIV amid the administration&apos;s feud with the Vatican over immigration.', 'This situation illustrates immigration’s enduring role as a tool for reallocating power and shielding institutional misconduct. ...The post Trump DOJ Drops 23,000 Criminal Investigations to Prioritize Immigration Enforcement appeared first on The New American.', 'A federal judge ordered Delaware officials to turn over confidential employer and employee records to ICE in an immigration enforcement legal dispute.', "It's no secret that everything going on like wars, prices going up, immigration reform, artificial intelligence, is stressing people out right now.\xa0 But teens especially, with everything else on their plate with school and home life, are constantly on social media, trying to keep up with the current news in the world.\xa0 Emergence Health NetworkThe post Managing stress from current events, global issues appeared first on KVIA.", 'Prologue: The Prophet Who Did Not Want to Be Right There are moments when a writer wishes, deeply and sincerely, to have been wrong. I wrote in November 2025 that Trump was recycling Hitler&#8217;s biological lexicon — the poisoned blood, the contaminated nation, the racial enemy dressed as immigrant. I was accused of excess. I [&#8230;]Source', 'Trump’s chief bigot, Stephen Miller, said on Fox News that immigrants to the United States bring problems that extend through generations.“Not only is the first generation unsuccessful,” Miller claimed. “You see persistent issues in every subsequent generation. So you see consistent high rates of welfare use, consistent high rates of criminal activity, consistent failures to assimilate.”Bullshit. The children and grandchildren and great-grandchildren of most immigrants are models of upward mobility in America.In a recent paper, researchers found that immigrants today are no slower to...', 'The DOJ has filed a lawsuit against Connecticut and its city of New Haven, arguing that their sanctuary policies interfere with federal immigration enforcement.', 'U.S. President Donald Trump, whose war and immigration policies have been condemned by Pope Leo, reiterated his criticism of the religious leader on Tuesday night. In a post on Truth Social, Trump urged that “someone please tell Pope Leo” about the killings of protesters by Iran and that “for Iran to have a Nuclear Bomb [&#8230;]', 'A resolution to fund Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Border Patrol could hit the Senate soon, Senate Majority Leader John Thune said Tuesday.', '**Strapline:**JD Vance says immigrants should prioritize American identity and national interests after gaining US citizenship, while acknowledging their contributions to the country.', 'For Sunday Goshit, a University of Iowa assistant professor and Nigerian immigrant, the decision did not come at the beginning of a long and uncertain immigration journey but at the very end of one.\xa0 After more than 25 years of living, working, and raising a family in Iowa, Goshit had already passed his naturalization interview,...The post Left in “legal limbo” appeared first on The Daily Iowan.', 'Quinnipiac University School of Law Hosted QU Law alumni for a panel on “practicing immigration law in the ICE age,” April 6.The panel, moderated by Immigration Law professor Sheila Hayre, consisted of alumni from various graduating classes that graduated at Quinnipiac Law School. It included Immigration Attorneys Justin Fappiano, Alicia Kindsman and Brittany Eckerd in person, with Eli Macdonald and Danielle Robinson-Briand participating remotely.“It’s so important to get together with fellow practitioners because I am always shocked at how things currently stand for lawyers practicing...', 'The American Civil Liberties Union of Nevada petitioned the state Supreme Court to review the legality of a pact between Las Vegas police and federal immigration authorities.', 'The King County Sheriff’s Office (KCSO) has released new guidance outlining how deputies respond to incidents involving federal immigration enforcement, following an executive order from the King County Executive focused [&#8230;]The post King County Sheriff&#8217;s Office outlines policies for responding to ICE activity in local communities appeared first on The B-Town (Burien) Blog.', 'The decision to bring more U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or ICE into major airports during a government shutdown was framed as a solution. In short, it wasn’t.\xa0 On March 23, the Trump administration added ICE to major U.S. airports, claiming this move would support the TSA during a partial government shutdown caused by disputes...The post Opinion | The real impact of ICE in airports appeared first on The Daily Iowan.', 'Awa Fam grew up watching her Senegalese immigrant parents work as street vendors to support their family. On April 13, she was selected as the No. 3 overall pick by the Seattle Storm in the 2026 WNBA. Not only did she rise from humble beginnings to achieve a lifelong dream, but she also matched a [&#8230;]The post Awa Fam Matches Pau Gasol&#8217;s Achievement as She Makes History at 2026 WNBA Draft appeared first on EssentiallySports.', "The Church's teaching on the rights and dignity of migrants can help guide conversations about immigration reform, Bishop Steven R. Biegler of Cheyenne wrote.The post Wyoming’s only Catholic bishop issues pastoral on immigration first appeared on OSV News.", 'WASHINGTON (AP) — Republicans in Congress are forging ahead with a risky go-it-alone strategy for fully funding the Department of Homeland Security, which has been shut down for almost two months as Democrats demand changes to President Donald Trump’s broad campaign of immigration enforcement. Senate Majority Leader John Thune said Tuesday that Republicans will try...', 'President Donald Trump may act like he is answerable to no one, but an ex-Republican consultant warns that he and the rest of the “Epstein class” are nearing the end of their heyday.“Everyone knows how much the Trump family cares about the little people,” wrote Steve Schmidt, who previously advised President George W. Bush, in a Substack post on Tuesday. He then showed a picture of First Lady Melania Trump going to an immigrant detention facility wearing a jacket saying, “I don’t really care. Do u?”“She’s a beautiful soul," Schmidt wrote sarcastically, and then proceeded to...', 'At least 15 Mexican nationals have died in ICE custody or during U.S. immigration enforcement actions.', 'Five men have been sentenced after previously pleading guilty to violating immigration laws,\xa0according to the U.S. Attorney’s Office.', "The Mexican government on Tuesday protested the deaths of its citizens in U.S. immigration custody as President Claudia Sheinbaum pushes back against U.S. President Donald Trump's policies on…", 'Mordechai Deluca never considered delaying his move to Israel from the United States because of the war with Iran. If anything, the opposite is true. “My worry was, how could I get there as fast as possible?” said Deluca, 39, who arrived in Israel on March 9, just eight days after the war with Iran [&#8230;]The post Undeterred by war, North American Jews continue to immigrate to Israel appeared first on Philadelphia Jewish Exponent.', "Every Christmas, I watch – with ritual delight – It's a Wonderful Life, a movie that's full of hope and community love. It was released in 1946 and directed by the idealistic U.S. patriot, Frank Capra, a man who was compelled to change his middle name from Rosario to Russell (Italian immigrants to the U.S. were particularly despised in the late 19th and early 20th centuries).", 'Two children were killed when an illegal immigrant accused of extreme intoxication allegedly veered off a South Carolina road, officials said.', 'Policy actions in the US are reinforcing de-dollarisation. Measures under Donald Trump—such as higher tariffs, tighter immigration norms and a push for domestic manufacturing—indicate a shift away from a model where the US exports demand and imports goods', 'As one of the few institutions of its kind in the world, the Somali Museum of Minnesota has become a center of the immigrant community.', 'After the chaos and death that ensued during the deportation raids in Minneapolis, Stephen Miller, the architect of President Trump’s mass deportation campaign, is changing course on immigration. Our White House correspondent Zolan Kanno-Youngs explains how the administration’s strategy is shifting.', 'Prosecutors say the Guatemalan national unlawfully reentered the U.S. and exploited minors before his arrest in 2023.The post Dorchester man sentenced on child porn, immigration charges after being caught with 2 14-year-old girls appeared first on Boston.com.', 'AN 82-year-old Grand Bahama man says he was left shaken after immigration officers allegedly broke into his home in the middle of the night without producing a warrant or identifying themselves.', 'Marien Richardson confronted Rep. Ro Khanna in a viral debate, arguing sanctuary city policies promote illegal immigration and endanger children.', 'The acquisition provides stability and continuity for hundreds of clients MONTREAL, April 14, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) &#8212; Arton Capital, the world-leading investment migration consultancy, has today announced that its regulated subsidiary, Arton Investments, has acquired the client portfolio of AURAY Capital Canada (ACC), marking ACC’s exit from the Quebec Investor Immigration Program (QIIP). Through this...The post Arton Capital consolidates its lead in Quebec&#8217;s Immigrant Investor Program through the acquisition of AURAY Capital Canada&#8217;s Client Portfolio appeared first on...', 'The acquisition provides stability and continuity for hundreds of clients MONTREAL, April 14, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) &#8212; Arton Capital, the world-leading investment migration consultancy, has today announced that its regulated subsidiary, Arton Investments, has acquired the client portfolio of AURAY Capital Canada (ACC), marking ACC’s exit from the Quebec Investor Immigration Program (QIIP). Through this [&#8230;]', "Immigration offices across the country are threatening to strike next week in\xa0protest at Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez's mass amnesty program for undocumented migrants.", 'online, after they send a demand that they not be named (and declare that there has been an online-naming-related threat or incitement against them by someone else).', 'Fears that the I.R.S. could share their data with ICE have turned tax season into a gamble for people who are in the country illegally.', 'Donald Trump returned to office promising mass deportations, and his administration moved immediately to deliver, launching the most aggressive immigration crackdown in decades.', 'Minnesota authorities say they are investigating whether federal immigration agents committed crimes when they arrested a naturalized U.S. citizen in St. Paul earlier this year.', 'MADRID (AP) — Spain&#8217;s government on Tuesday finalized a migrant amnesty measure it announced earlier this year, paving the way&#8230;', 'The landslide defeat of Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán was not just a repudiation of his authoritarian rule and a blow to the global far-right movement. According to the New York Times Editorial Board, it also revealed a "road map" for toppling President Donald Trump.Orbán has been a close ally to the MAGA movement in the U.S., so much so that Vice President JD Vance was dispatched to Hungary to campaign on his behalf. The outgoing prime minister\'s efforts to exploit the judiciary, redraw electoral maps in his favor, target immigrants and consolidate media control under his allies have...', 'NYU’s graduate student union will start bargaining for its next contract with the university on May 4, with plans to demand higher wages, expand health care benefits and increase protection for its noncitizen and immigrant members.\xa0\xa0 Over 600 members of the union, GSOC-UAW — which represents over 2,000 graduate student workers — ratified its initial...This story Grad student union to negotiate new contract next month appeared first on Washington Square News.', 'President Trump recently posted a video of illegal Haitian alien Robert Joachin beating a woman to death with a hammer in Fort Myers, Florida. All (mainstream media) hell broke loose &#8212; in reaction to Trump sharing the video. Heather Mac Donald comments in her City Journal column &#8220;Illegal Immigrant Bludgeons Victim—Blame Trump.&#8221; She writes (links omitted): * * * * * Trump was right to post the video and right', 'POUGHKEEPSIE — Dutchess County Democratic legislators, joined by supporters from the Democratic Socialists of America and For the Many, have voiced support for the Mandating End of Lawless Tactics (MELT) Act, a proposed state bill that would require all law enforcement officers in New York, including federal immigration enforcement agents, to wear uniforms, name badges [&#8230;]', 'Dozens of agents and officials share their stories about working in the Department of Homeland Security during the violent crackdown on illegal immigration.', 'A 49-year-old Mexican man who died in federal immigration custody on Saturday is the 16th migrant to die in ICE custody so far this year.', 'Anti-immigration sentiments are prompting much-needed overseas workers to think about leaving the UK', 'KUCHING (April 14): A total of 45 foreigners were detained by the Malaysian Immigration Department (JIM) during two raids at two construction sites in Tabuan Jaya here and along the Samarahan-Siburan bypass road between midnight and 2am this morning. JIM deputy director-general (Operations) Datuk Lokman Effendi Ramli said offences recorded included not possessing valid work [...]The post 45 foreigners nabbed in immigration raids at Kuching, Samarahan–Siburan construction sites appeared first on Borneo Post Online.', 'The attorney for a man shot by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents during an enforcement stop in California says his client was arrested by the FBI after being discharged from a hospital. Attorney Patrick Kolasinski said Monday that federal officials have not said what charges Carlos Ivan Mendoza Hernandez might face. Messages were sent to the FBI and the U.S. Attorney’s Office seeking more information about the arrest. Kolasinski says Mendoza underwent three surgeries and was discharged into FBI custody without any notification to his legal team. The Department of Homeland Security...', 'On Divine Mercy Sunday, April 12, Bishop Steven Biegler of Cheyenne, Wyoming published a pastoral letter on migration called “Be a Merciful Neighbor” in response to ICE’s presence and actions in the state of Wyoming. He delivered the letter from Our Lady of the Mountains Catholic Church in Jackson. What makes Bishop Biegler’s letter stand [&#8230;]The post Wyoming bishop’s immigration letter puts faces to mass deportations appeared first on U.S. Catholic.', "SANTA MARIA, Calif. (KEYT) – The wife of a Santa Maria man completing her medical residency in Texas and their five-year-old daughter were detained Saturday while boarding a flight to California for her husband's asylum interview scheduled for later this week. The detained woman, Dr. Rubeliz Bolivar-Barrios, is originally from Venezuela and has also appliedThe post Santa Maria man&#8217;s wife completing medical residency in Texas arrested by immigration agents appeared first on News Channel 3-12.", 'Alexandre Ramagem, a former congressman and ex-intelligence chief, had fled to Florida after being sentenced to 16 years and one month in prison over a failed bid to keep Jair Bolsonaro in power.', 'ChongLy Scott Thao, a naturalized U.S. citizen, was briefly detained during a federal immigration crackdown in Minnesota in January.', '"I want universal, primary health care for every Coloradan." - Colorado Attorney General Phil Weiser', 'In a move with clear potential implications for federal planning of a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) detention center in Social Circle that could house as many as 8,500 detainees, U.S. Sen. Jon Ossoff (D-Georgia) announced Thursday that he is cosponsoring a bill that would require written approval from affected local governments, and the affected state governments, before the federal government can open ICE detention facilities.', "She's raising concerns about the political pressures facing immigration judges as the federal government continues its push for mass deportations. The post Trump administration reportedly fires immigration judge who blocked Rümeysa Öztürk&#8217;s deportation appeared first on Boston.com.", 'A man from Ontario has pleaded guilty in Alberta to two counts of unauthorized employment of foreign nationals and fined $70,000 in case involving the hospitality industry in Banff National Park. A joint investigation between the Canada Border Services Agency and RCMP started in June 2022 when they ...', "EL PASO, Texas (KVIA) -- El Paso City Council is currently in executive session discussing a plan to prevent the installation of any U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) detention facilities in the city. Council members will vote on the item during their work session. Back in February, ABC-7 reported on the city's plans, whichThe post City of El Paso to discuss, take action to prevent ICE detention centers within city limits appeared first on KVIA.", 'Rick Jackson is flooding Georgia’s media markets with ads attacking immigrants, transgender people and DEIA campaign ad from Republican gubernatorial candidate Rick Jackson pledging that unauthorized immigrants committing violent crimes will end up “deported or departed” has inundated streaming services and social media in Georgia for weeks.“I don’t care if you’re a Muslim or a Mongolian, you don’t have the right to force your culture on our country,” the Jackson ad begins. “Too often, criminal illegals commit sick, violent crimes, victimize our children and get away with...', 'Senate Republicans are pushing to fund immigration enforcement through reconciliation by June, bypassing Democrats amid an ongoing DHS shutdown battle.', 'More than 70 organizations, including the ACLU, EPIC, and Fight for the Future, say the AI smart glasses feature would endanger abuse victims, immigrants, and LGBTQ+ people.', "The Brazilian migrant said the woman's gangster ex-husband was part of the notorious Primeiro Comando da Capital (PCC), which is said to control a drug trade worth a billion dollars.", 'The Department of Homeland Security is investigating Rep. Eric Swalwell over allegations that he hired a Brazilian national as a nanny without legal work authorization, according to a statement from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.', "In fiery exchanges between party leaders, First Minister John Swinney said that Scotland 'does not have a big enough working-age population'.", 'GOSHEN – For years, Orange County has had a contract with Immigration and Customs Enforcement to house illegal immigrants with criminal records temporarily at the county jail pending their deportation. On Sunday, several dozen people rallied at the Green in Goshen calling for an end to the practice. Speakers claimed many of those detainees are [&#8230;]', 'U.S. President Donald Trump forcefully criticized Pope Leo late on Sunday in an unusual, direct attack on the leader of the 1.4-billion-member Catholic Church that drew immediate rebuke from believers. The president, in an apparent response to the pope’s growing criticisms of the U.S.-Israeli war on Iran and the Trump administration’s hard-line immigration policies, said [&#8230;]', 'On Friday, April 10, around 60 people attended the University of Massachusetts Democrats&#8217; “Say No to War” rally in front of the Student Union.The rally protested the war in Iran, an automatic military draft for draft-eligible men and the continued activity of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers in Massachusetts.“What you&#8217;re doing here today is good but necessary trouble,” Congressman Jim McGovern of the 2nd congressional district in Massachusetts said. “We are tired of old men like Donald Trump dreaming up new wars that kill innocent people, that cost...', 'Be cool, Ron: Fox will sober up, come to its senses, and realize only you can save this nation from the Red Chinese, the whiny Ukrainians, vaccines, the powerful Palestinian lobby, crazed sociology majors, climate change radicals, feminists, soft-on-illegal-immigrants sheriffs, and anything else threatening Americans’ precious bodily fluids.The post Back to DeFuture! Ron DeSantis Is the Only Authentic Choice in 2028 appeared first on FlaglerLive.', "Immigration and Customs Enforcement has a certain Redditor in its crosshairs and it's now strong-arming the social media platform to reveal who they are with a grand jury subpoena, according to a report from The Intercept. The nonprofit news outlet was able to obtain the subpoena that ordered Reddit to provide info on one of its users who's been accused of criticizing ICE by April 14.According to the report, ICE has been trying to identify this Redditor for a month without success. More specifically, Reddit is being asked to give up the user's name, address, phone number and other personal data...", 'INDIO, Calif. (KESQ) - United Youth We Stand, a local activist organization, is hosting a protest today in Indio in support of the valley\'s immigrant communities. Organizers sharing this statement with News Channel 3: "Coachella isn’t just a music festival. It’s built by our immigrant community who work from sunrise to sunset. Whether they workThe post &#8220;Coachella Valley is more than a music festival&#8221; activist organization speaks out during Coachella appeared first on KESQ.', 'Make no mistake, the proposal grants legal residence to millions of illegal immigrants.', 'In recent days we learned that Pope Leo will likely not visit the United States during Trump’s presidency and declined an invite to the 250th birthday celebrations.The tensions between the Vatican and the U.S. have been clear as Leo has slammed Trump for his brutal attacks on immigrants and, now, his reckless war in Iran, in which Trump threatened to “wipe out” an entire civilization. A report has now surfaced that the Pentagon—not the State Department—called the Vatican’s ambassador in for a meeting in January after the pope’s state of the world speech in which he criticized...', 'Michael Olugbode in Abuja The federal government has ordered the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) to immediately withdraw or deactivate Passports of persons who have renounced Nigerian citizenship.&#160; The Minister of', 'BANGKOK, Thailand – Thai cyber police, in coordination with immigration authorities and German law enforcement, have arrested a German national linked to a global cyberattack-for-hire operation, following an international manhunt under an INTERPOL Red Notice, April 11. The suspect, identified as Noah Christopher, 27, was apprehended at a condominium in the Thonglor area of Bangkok. [&#8230;]', 'At least 15 Florida public universities have signed agreements to cooperate with Immigration and Customs Enforcement, authorizing campus police to perform certain federal immigration functions including questioning and arresting suspected undocumented students. Faculty members report an intensifying climate of anxiety and uncertainty across campuses and a damaged sense of belonging for international students while undermining the role of universities.The post Florida Universities&#8217; Collaboration with ICE Is Making Students Less Safe appeared first on FlaglerLive.', 'Anti-ICE protestors armed with sex toys descended on a federal detention facility in downtown Los Angeles Saturday — hurling the X-rated items across security fencing in a stunt targeting immigration authorities.', 'An ER doctor was detained Saturday, just days after a family physician had been detained. Both were traveling when immigration agents took them into custody.', 'Heather Gilchrist had been working for a Victoria midwife collective as a registered midwife for seven months when she was told by Immigration Refugees and Citizenship Canada on March 24 to pack her bags. She booked a flight back to Scotland for April 4. On April 3, the IRCC said it reviewed her req...', 'The immigration judges’ abrupt dismissals marked the latest efforts by the Trump administration to reshape the country’s immigration courts.', 'Democratic Rep. Eric Swalwell has been accused of violating immigration and employment law to keep his illegal live-in Brazilian nanny in the country, according to a pair of recently filed complaints.', 'The Guardian reports a small West Virginia town is still trying to recover from becoming the face of white nationalism after a nonprofit selling “white replacement theory” and other conspiracies moved in and began flooding the internet with conspiracies.Berkeley Springs, West Virginia, residents learned Peter and Lydia Brimelow — owners of the controversial online publication VDare — bought property in the area in 2020.“Critics have accused the anti-immigration publication of being the genteel face of a constellation of white nationalist groups,” reports the Guardian. “… VDare...', 'The Minister of Interior, Olubunmi Tunji-Ojo, has directed the Nigeria Immigration Service to immediately withdraw and deactivate passports held by persons who have formally renounced their Nigerian citizenship. The directive, contained in a statement issued on Saturday by his Special Adviser on Media, Alao Babatunde, covers Nigerians whose renunciation requests have been formally approved by [&#8230;]The post FG To Withdraw Passports From Citizens Who Renounce Status appeared first on Information Nigeria.', 'A top Virginia prosecutor once called deporting illegal immigrants "a perversion of justice." Now Republican lawmakers are blasting Fairfax County Commonwealth\'s Attorney Steve Descano for his comment.', 'His support for a narrow budget reconciliation measure is a boost for Senate GOP leaders who want a tightly controlled process.', 'Abuja: The Minister of Interior, Dr Olubunmi Tunji-Ojo, has directed the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) to deactivate and withdraw passports of individuals who formally renounce Nigerian citizenship, effective immediately. The directive is contained in a statement on Saturday in Abuja, by the minister’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Babatunde Alao, Tunji-Ojo said that the [&#8230;]', 'A Wisconsin sheriff is suing Sundas &#8220;Sunny&#8221; Naqvi for defamation, alleging she falsely claimed she was held in immigration custody at the Dodge County Jail in March. Naqvi, a Skokie resident who was born in Evanston, made international headlines when she alleged federal immigration officials detained her for more than 40 hours at three locations...The post Wisconsin sheriff sues Skokie woman who claimed she was detained by ICE appeared first on The Daily Northwestern.', 'At least 3 men were taken into custody by federal agents outside a courthouse in San Bernardino County Thursday, leaving advocates concerned.', "Legislation that Maryland Senate Republicans say was rushed through a committee vote to the Senate floor Thursday met with a sustained floor fight from Senate Republicans. Lawmakers say they were given 1 hour to review Senate Bill 791 - the Community Trust Act, which deals with immigration enforcement. Advocates were granted access – however law enforcement and State's Attorneys were shut out. A motion by Senate Minority Leader Steve Hershey to delay consideration was denied on a party-line vote. During Friday's floor debate, Senate Republicans introduced 14 amendments aimed at strengthening...", "Critics of President Donald Trump are fuming at the Pentagon's plans to automate the military draft, a change the President ushered in by signing legislation in December.", 'A troubled Skokie woman with a history of lying to the police engineered an elaborate “hoax” to make it appear as if she’d been detained by federal immigration agents for more than a day, a Wisconsin sheriff told reporters Friday.During a news conference, Dodge County Sheriff Dale Schmidt presented evidence that he said exposed Sundas “Sunny” Naqvi’s web of lies about being detained last month at the county jail and a suburban U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement facility.Schmidt said he couldn’t charge Naqvi with any crimes in Wisconsin, but he’d referred the matter to...', 'A class action brought by re-arrested and re-detained immigrants is plagued by the federal government saying it had no previous policy on the books.', 'The man seen beating a woman is from Haiti and faces a murder charge in Florida, officials said. President Trump has fought to end protections for Haitian immigrants.', 'NEW YORK – An immigration appeals board has denied Mahmoud Khalil’s latest bid to dismiss his deportation case, a largely expected ruling that brings the former Columbia University graduate student and Palestinian activist one step closer to re-arrest and possible expulsion. The Board of Immigration Appeals issued the final order of removal on Thursday, according [&#8230;]The post Immigration board denies Mahmoud Khalil&#8217;s appeal, deportation risk grows appeared first on ArabAmericanNews.', 'MIAMI (AP) — President Donald Trump shared video of a deadly attack allegedly by a Haitian immigrant accused of bludgeoning&#8230;', 'Mahmoud Khalil, a former student at Columbia University targeted by the Trump administration for his Palestinian activism, was found to be removable.', 'NO one knows for sure who were the original creators and purveyors of the now ubiquitous and beloved &#8216;kolo mee&#8217; of Kuching. The dish is widely believed to have evolved from the Hakkas who had a dish called &#8216;Taipoo&#8217; noodles, brought over by a Hakka immigrant from Guangdong who had landed in Kuching in the [...]The post An enduring love for Kuching kolo mee appeared first on Borneo Post Online.', 'The Ghana Immigration Service (GIS) has received a donation of 21 motorbikes and protective gear from the German Federal Police to help strengthen its operational capacity. The Comptroller-General of Immigration, Samuel Basintale Amadu, expressed appreciation to Germany for its continued partnership with Ghana, assuring that the equipment .', 'North London based Natasha Cochrane De La Rosa, 26, was coming home from a weekend trip to Amsterdam when denied entry to the UK, thanks to a new rule that came about in February.', 'Departing Criminal Investigation Chief Guy Ficco sees more employment tax and benefits fraud cases in the works. His 31 years at the IRS included the heyday of tax shelter enforcement.', 'Every Wednesday, hundreds gather outside the Immigration and Customs Enforcement facility in Burlington, Massachusetts, to protest the conditions detainees there are subject to.\xa0 Javier Luengo-Garrido, an organizer with the Mass. chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union, said he believes the Burlington facility must be shut down.\xa0 “We have heard from testimonies of people the...', 'Migrants would leave reviews on social media on videos filmed inside lorries or boats for the journeys arranged by Dilshad Shamo, 43, and Ali Khdir, 42.', 'Plus, your Friday news quiz.', 'By Alex Stambaugh, CNN (CNN) &#8212; An undocumented Haitian man has been charged with murder after repeatedly striking a woman with a hammer outside a convenience store in Florida last week, the latest immigration case thrust into the national spotlight by President Donald Trump. Rolbert Joachin, 40, is in custody and accused by authorities ofThe post Trump posts graphic video of deadly hammer attack in Florida, putting renewed focus on immigration debate appeared first on KVIA.', 'Several Northwestern student groups hosted a training session Tuesday in Swift Hall titled &#8220;What should you do if ICE Comes to Northwestern?&#8221;&#160; Hosted by organizations including NU College Democrats and Bienestar, the session featured representatives from local support network Sanctuary Evanston.&#160; Sanctuary Evanston volunteers led participants through strategies to document immigration activity, interact with Immigration...The post Sanctuary Evanston leads practical ICE training, introduces Purple Sanctuary appeared first on The Daily Northwestern.', 'From the raids by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) at U.S. airports to the approval of the controversial Return Regulation in the European Union, the world is witnessing an &#8216;ICE-ization&#8216; of migration policies. This &#8216;ICE-ization&#8217; is characterized by the externalization of borders, prolonged detention, and the criminalization of undocumented individuals, which is generating an MoreThe post The Architecture of Exclusion: The Global Offensive Against the Right to Migrate appeared first on CounterPunch.org.', 'Trumpism is waging a war against the people of U.S. and the rest of the world. It is an authoritarian, bullying playbook that violently oppresses, exploits, and dehumanizes immigrants and poor people at home and abroad. The U.S. takes resources from the Global South through resource imperialism and demands total geopolitical dominance. The U.S. has MoreThe post We Need a Movement to End US Wars in the Middle East, Latin America and at Home appeared first on CounterPunch.org.', 'U.S. Representative and Speaker of the House Mike Johnson, in response to criticism from Pope Leo XIV, made a case for national borders and policies aimed at assimilating immigrants, based on an interpretation of the Bible: “Despite the unfounded claims of the Left, supporting a strong national border is a very Christian thing to do. [&#8230;]The post Borders, Strangers, the Bible appeared first on The Optimist.', 'President blasts Biden for releasing a Haitian immigrant now accused of fatally bludgeoning a woman with a hammer at a Florida gas station last week.', 'The Board of Immigration Appeals has denied Mahmoud Khalil\'s latest attempt to dismiss his deportation case. This decision brings the former Columbia University student and Palestinian activist one step closer to possible expulsion. For now, Khalil remains free on a separate judge\'s order in federal court. Khalil decried the latest ruling as "biased and politically motivated." Khalil, a legal permanent resident, was the first publicly known arrest during the Trump administration’s crackdown on noncitizens critical of Israel. He denies any connection to Hamas or allegations of antisemitism...', 'The Comptroller General of Immigration, Samuel Basintale Amadu, has ordered the immediate rollout of rider training for all trainees at the Immigration Tactical Training School in Kyebi following a major equipment boost from Germany.', 'Rolbert Joachin, 40, a Haitian native who entered the United States under a Temporary Protected Status, which expired in 2024, is accused of bludgeoning a 51-year-old mother.', 'Rolbert Joachin, 40, a Haitian native who entered the United States under a Temporary Protected Status, which expired in 2024, is accused of bludgeoning a 51-year-old mother.', 'A University of South Florida sociology professor presented her research on the cumulative impact of immigration policies and enforcement on immigrants and their children at an April 1 Georgetown University seminar.\xa0 Elizabeth Aranda, director of the Immigrant Well-Being Research Center at the University of South Florida, argued that current federal policies force individuals and families...', 'MILWAUKEE &#8212; Former Milwaukee County Circuit Judge Hannah Dugan will be sentenced on June 3 at 10 a.m. in the federal courthouse. Dugan was convicted of federal felony obstruction for helping an illegal immigrant evade ICE arrest in the courthouse last spring. Judge Lynn Adelman recently denied an appeal from Dugan&#8217;s defense team requesting a [&#8230;]The post Sentencing date set for former Milwaukee County Circuit Judge appeared first on WTMJ.', 'PATTAYA, Thailand – Thai authorities have arrested a Chinese national believed to be a major figure in a transnational online gambling network linked to the controversial Shwe Kokko complex in Myanmar, following a raid in Pattaya, April 9. The suspect, identified as Bei Minxue, was apprehended by a joint team of commando police and immigration [&#8230;]', 'The attorney for a man shot by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents during an arrest in central California said&#8230;', 'U.S. Army Capt. Rachel Shi, from Davis, California by way of Lanzhou, China, journeyed from enlisted soldier to commissioned officer. Shi, a general dentist assigned to Tignor Dental Clinic is the first in her family to attend college, she shares her story to inspire others from similar backgrounds to pursue their own dreams of service and achievement.', 'A sheriff’s office in southeast Idaho is the second in the state to sign an agreement with federal immigration officials allowing deputies to act as immigration agents.\xa0Deputies in Franklin County, a rural Idaho county with just over 14,000 residents that borders Utah, will soon be authorized to stop and question the immigration status of anyone they believe to be in the country without authorization.', 'Biden-appointed Judge Brian Murphy blocked the deportation of thousands of Ethiopian migrants, finding DHS did not follow proper protocols to cancel their temporary protected status.', 'Two Durham elementary school students and their parents were detained by federal immigration authorities during a scheduled appointment in Charlotte earlier this week, and deported to Honduras within 48 hours, according to family members and advocates. The children, Genesis, 11, and Denis, 6, were taken into custody along with their parents on Monday after arriving [&#8230;]', 'Some 19.2 percent of teenagers aged 17 to 19 in Japan consider the "increase of immigrants" as a key national issue, almost triple that of two years ago,…', 'Minutes into Abjeet Kingra’s deportation hearing, the Immigration and Refugee Board said it had lost track of the Indian citizen.', 'New research from the University of Bath reveals that online influencers can mobilize followers and legitimize harmful behaviors without ever issuing explicit instructions, offering fresh insight into how digital platforms shape public attitudes, emotions and decision-making. The researchers found that far-right influencer Tommy Robinson (whose real name is Stephen Yaxley-Lennon) used his Telegram channel to comment on ongoing events and legitimize violence during the anti-immigration protests and riots of 30 July to 7 August 2024 without ever giving direct instructions, allowing him to...', 'Roman Amatitla wanted "someone" to suffer because he lost his job -- even if it was a 3-year-old girl and three other strangers, officials said.', 'Decarlos Brown Jr., who is charged with murdering a Ukrainian immigrant, was found incapable of proceeding to state trial. A federal case against him will come first.', 'An &quot;Ocean&apos;s Eleven-style&quot; burglary ring of illegal immigrants used GPS trackers and surveillance cameras to target homes across the country, feds say.', "Protesters rally against planned Maryland immigration detention facility that's now paused", "Loudoun County Sheriff Mike Chapman says a bill passed by the Virginia General Assembly and now on Gov. Abigail Spanberger's desk would likely end the county's ability to cooperate with ICE.", 'HAGERSTOWN, Md. (AP) — Horns blared and protesters screamed “Stop ICE!” outside a meeting on the western edge of Maryland&#8230;', 'The millions of migrants who were released into the country during the immigration surge that began in 2021 and peaked in 2023 caused a political firestorm when Republican states transported them to Democratic cities. Now, according to a new analysis, many of them are back working in the states that expelled them. Many of the [&#8230;]', 'Reuniting on U.S. soil is a major milestone that instantly triggers one of the most stressful countdowns in U.S. immigration law: the 90-day marriage window. For couples who have spent months or even years apart navigating consular processing, arriving in the United States feels like the finish line. In reality, it is the beginning of [&#8230;]', 'Lawyer and National Democratic Congress communicator Hamza Suhuyini has advised former Finance Minister Ken Ofori-Atta to present himself before Ghana rsquo;s legal and investigative authorities, following reports of his release from United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement custody.', 'Amid the escalating attacks against Pope Leo XIV by the Trump administration, a Jesuit priest hit back, claiming that the conflict was not the result of the religious leader being "woke," but rather American conservatives "veering deeper into heresy."President Donald Trump and his allies have been in a feud of sorts with the American Pope since he ascended to the role last spring and began espousing views counter to the MAGA agenda, including respect and dignity for immigrants, as well as opposition to armed conflicts. The feud reached a new high this week after Christopher Hale, a chronicler...', 'Judges are ordering an unprecedented number of people deported after coming under significant pressure from the administration to do so or risk losing their jobs.', 'Homeland Security Secretary Markwayne Mullin is reviewing a plan to transform warehouses across the U.S. into detention facilities for tens of thousands of immigrants. So far immigration officials have spent a total of $1.074 billion for 11 warehouses. They&#8217;ve mostly faced fierce opposition. And days after Mullin was sworn in, the Department of Homeland Security...', 'The Illinois House passed a bill Wednesday restricting future immigration detention centers from being built near community buildings. The bill would bar the placement of immigration detention centers within 1,500 feet of schools, churches, day care centers, cemeteries, public parks, forest preserves, private residences and public housing. Existing detention facilities like the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement processing center in Broadview would not be affected by the legislation.After passing out of the House along partisan lines with support from Democrats and opposition from...', 'Below is a list of pantries serving residents, regardless of immigration status, across the Chicago area.Pantries or organizations with multiple locationsThe Greater Chicago Food DepositoryNorthern Illinois Food Bank local food pantry search toolThe Unity in Community FoundationNorthCommon Pantry, 3908 N. Lincoln Ave., 773-327-0553&nbsp;The Friendship Center, 2711 W. Lawrence Ave., 773-907-6388&nbsp;The Irving Park Community Food Pantry, 4256 N. Ridgeway Ave., 773-283-6296&nbsp;Marillac St. Vincent Harvest Hub Food Pantry, 2145 N. Halsted, 312-278-4130Nourishing Hope’s Sheridan Market, 3945 N...', 'A civilizational sea change is occurring: Immigration, long considered as American as apple pie, as almost sacrosanct, is being questioned. ...The post Demographic Realists Rise: Immigration, Long an American Addiction, Is Finally Being Challenged appeared first on The New American.', 'Jean-François Roberge is being investigated for allegedly sharing data produced by his department with the two Coalition Avenir Québec leadership candidates.', 'ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Attorneys for two Minnesota school districts and the state&#8217;s main teachers union asked a federal&#8230;', 'Sonoma County deputies detained several immigrant rights activists Tuesday after they disrupted a Board of Supervisors meeting by breaking into song. The demonstration occurred just before a scheduled vote on a policy to limit local cooperation with', 'Former Finance Minister Ken Ofori-Atta has been released from the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) detention center, according to a statement from his legal representatives. The lawyers confirmed that his release followed a judicial order issued on Tuesday, April 7.', 'Sweden is set to change its immigration rules in a way that will affect how refugees and protected individuals settle [&#8230;]', nan, 'Elected officials should punish real crime, enforce immigration law, and equip judges and DAs to administer justice promptly and fairly. ...The post Enforce the Sixth Amendment: Speedy Trials, Not Excuses for Delay appeared first on The New American.', 'The findings relate to a time when Christiane Fox was deputy minister at Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada.', 'As the world enters a decisive phase of transformation in migration, citizenship and global access, Optiva Capital Partners, Africa’s leading investment immigration and wealth retention firm, has outlined a clear', 'Tips from the public helped ICE arrest over a dozen illegal immigrants at a sleepy Pennsylvania DMV flooded with CDL customers near Kittanning.', 'This is not immigration policy. It is moral cowardice disguised as national pride. Reform UK rsquo;s proposal to deny visas to citizens of countries that demand slavery reparations from Britain is not a serious act of statecraft.', 'ONE lightweight Muay Thai world champion Regian Eersel of Suriname dealt with his fair share of discrimination after growing up as an immigrant in a tough suburb of Amsterdam.', 'A bill that would prohibit local governments from issuing community ID cards advanced through the Iowa legislature on April 7, despite opposition from Democrats and Johnson County leaders who say the programs improve safety and accessibility.The Iowa Senate passed a bill Tuesday banning community IDs, which are local photo identification cards designed to be accessible to all residents, including those who may struggle to obtain state-issued ID, such as immigrants, elderly, or transgender individuals, according to the Johnson County website.\xa0Johnson County is the only county in Iowa operating...', 'ICE activity has greatly expanded in power and damage under the Trump administration. Perspectives Editor Ashley Burton argues ICE should be abolished and the importance of supporting the community.The post Opinion: Abolish ICE and Support Immigrants appeared first on Pepperdine Graphic.', 'Haitian illegal immigrant Rolbert Joachim allegedly bludgeoned a mother to death with a hammer outside a Florida gas station. DHS says he was released under the Biden administration.', 'Vote now for the 18th annual Top 25 Canadian Immigrant Awards, presented by Western Union TORONTO &#8212; As Canada works to build a stronger, more independent country, let’s not forget that the strength of our country’s economy, innovation and culture has been interwoven with the contributions of its people, including immigrants who have adopted this...The post The Story of Canada Through the Stories of Immigrant Nationbuilders appeared first on Montreal Gazette.', 'Vote now for the 18th annual Top 25 Canadian Immigrant Awards, presented by Western Union TORONTO &#8212; As Canada works to build a stronger, more independent country, let’s not forget that the strength of our country’s economy, innovation and culture has been interwoven with the contributions of its people, including immigrants who have adopted this [&#8230;]', 'NEW ORLEANS (AP) — The wife of a U.S. soldier was released Tuesday from a federal immigration detention facility where&#8230;', 'ICE agents lying about an incident they were involved in? No one should be surprised. A new video obtained by the\xa0New York Times\xa0contradicts claims made by the Trump administration, accusing an immigrant of attempted murder.', '(AP) &#8211; A U.S. Army staff sergeant is trying to halt his wife&#8217;s deportation after she was detained inside a Louisiana military base where the couple was planning to live together just days after their wedding. The effort to remove the soldier&#8217;s wife, who was born in Honduras and remained in a federal immigration detention center Monday, has drawn backlash...', 'Nigel Farage’s Reform UK said on Tuesday it was proposing to deny visas to people from countries seeking amends for transatlantic slavery, a move swiftly condemned by the Caribbean reparations commission as a “legacy of toxic racism”. The anti-immigration and populist party Reform UK, \u200bwhich has only eight national lawmakers but is topping opinion polls [&#8230;]', 'His best-received book explored the state’s infatuation with voter initiatives, which were sometimes pushed with an anti-immigrant fervor.', 'Easter Triduum visits ended the Lenten season for a small group of Chicago-area religious and clergy who ministered to people in the U.S. without legal authorization that are detained at an Immigration and Customs Enforcement facility.\xa0The post Chicago group’s Easter Triduum visits bring comfort of the Eucharist to ICE detainees first appeared on OSV News.', 'The couple had gone to the husband’s Army base to complete paperwork so they could move in together. But within hours that plan derailed, and New York Times reporting about the case quickly spread.', 'A modest tightening of the rules will dismiss 19,000 claims, but leaves 288,000 pending cases and a broken system largely untouched', 'A panel of appeals court judges heard arguments Tuesday about the future of Alligator Alcatraz, the immigration detention facility in the Everglades.', "In 2026 alone, the United States has faced two partial shutdowns of the federal government: a brief shutdown in late January/early February, and a much longer one that has been going on since Valentine's Day. Both of them followed an October/November 2025 shutdown.The current shutdown involves funding for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS). Many Democratic lawmakers are happy to fund the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) but not U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), both of which fall under the DHS umbrella.But the clashes over DHS funding within Congress go...", 'By Cecilio Padilla An investigation is underway in Stanislaus County after agents with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement were said to be involved in a shooting Tuesday morning. The Stanislaus County Sheriff&#8217;s Office confirmed the shooting involved ICE agents and not local law enforcement. Officials say the suspect was taken to the hospital, but noThe post California shooting allegedly involving ICE under investigation in Stanislaus County appeared first on KION Central Coast.', 'The Tennessee General Assembly has passed a measure that would make it a state crime to remain in the U.S. after a final deportation order has been issued. Unlawful immigration is a civil offense, and the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Arizona v. U.S. that states cannot legislate immigration since it’s a federal issue. HB [&#8230;]', "Environmental groups have asked a federal appellate court panel to lift its temporary halt on closing an immigration detention center in the Florida Everglades. Known as “Alligator Alcatraz,” the center remains open due to arguments by Florida and the Trump administration. They claimed the state hadn't gotten federal reimbursement, so it wasn’t required to follow federal environmental law. On Tuesday, during a hearing in Miami, the judges questioned how much control the federal government had over the state-built facility. Florida was notified in late September of $608 million in federal...", 'Federal immigration authorities arrested over 2,100 people in Washington between October and early March, according to newly released data. This marks an intensification in President Donald Trump’s immigration crackdown in [&#8230;]', 'The two agencies began focusing on routine immigration arrests last year as part of President Trump’s mass deportation effort.', 'If you are currently working in Canada and your work permit is approaching expiration, understanding the process of a Work Permit Extension in Canada is crucial. Extending your work permit allows you to continue your employment legally, maintain your status in Canada, and avoid any complications with Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Can .', nan, 'The Catholic Church’s principles on immigration have their roots in scripture, tradition, and magisterial teaching. Both the Hebrew scriptures and Christian scriptures reiterate the moral obligation to “welcome the stranger.” This is perhaps most strongly worded in Matthew’s gospel, when Jesus says that whatever we do to the foreigner living among us, we do to [&#8230;]The post 7 things the Catholic Church teaches about immigration appeared first on U.S. Catholic.', 'THE Coalition of Independents is proposing to end naturalisation in The Bahamas within its first week in office, part of a 100-day immigration plan that would overhaul border control, enforcement and citizenship policy.', 'The leads came from the Transportation Security Administration, which supplied\xa0ICE\xa0with records on more than 31,000 travelers for possible\xa0immigration\xa0enforcement, the data showed.', 'The Department of Immigration is &#8220;advising of further updates to the English Language proficiency requirements for work permit holders whose first language is not English and who do not hold a degree from an English-instruction university or college.&#8221; A spokesperson said, “The requirement for work permit holders to demonstrate English proficiency is outlined in Section [&#8230;]', "More than five years and five months after losing the United States' 2020 presidential race to Democrat Joe Biden, President Donald Trump continues to claim, without evidence, that the election was stolen from him. That claim that was repeatedly debunked by one vote recount after another, yet Trump maintains that voter fraud is rampant in the United States — including voting by undocumented immigrants. And Trump is using that claim to push the Safeguard American Voter Eligibility Act (the SAVE Act or SAVE American Act), which, critics of the bill say, would make voting unnecessarily difficult...", 'As Mayor Daniel Biss eyes his potential departure to Washington, many Evanston residents are split on his tenure and setting expectations for his replacement. They also point to his response to Immigration and Customs Enforcement, housing policies and democratic processes as features of his mayoral term.&#160; In March, Biss secured the Democratic nomination in the...The post Residents split on Biss’ mayoral legacy, consider potential replacement appeared first on The Daily Northwestern.', 'Fresh data sheds light on arrests made by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, operating in Kentucky, since President Trump regained office.', 'Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents arrested the wife of a U.S. Army staff sergeant at the military base where he is stationed, days after their wedding.', 'Rosa Mar&#237;a Carranza encourages a toddler to navigate uneven ground at Joaquin Miller Park in Oakland, California, on Dec. 5. Carranza will lose Medicare when a federal policy restricting health...The post Immigrant Seniors Lose Medicare Coverage Despite Paying for It appeared first on Asian Journal News.', 'MIRI (April 7): Deputy Minister in the Premier&#8217;s Department (Labour, Immigration and Project Monitoring) Datuk Gerawat Gala has requested the Resident&#8217;s Office and the Public Works Department (JKR) Miri to take immediate action by applying for emergency funds from the State Disaster Management Committee (SDMC) Disaster Management Fund to repair damaged culverts and restore access [...]The post Gerawat directs Resident’s Office, JKR Miri to seek emergency funds for Long Lellang access appeared first on Borneo Post Online.', 'Former Milwaukee County Circuit Court Judge Hannah Dugan had asked for a new trial on the charges she helped hide an immigrant defendant from federal immigration enforcement.', 'President Donald Trump’s approval ratings are in roughly the same territory as President Joe Biden’s when he was defeated in the 2024 election, a conservative columnist wrote on Monday — and Trump is at least partially to blame for that."So far, it\'s worked out well on immigration and sex, although neither the method of implementation nor the president\'s affect has been normal,” wrote Gerard Baker of The Wall Street Journal regarding Trump’s second term agenda and its popularity. Although Baker agreed with Trump’s anti-transgender and anti-immigrant policies, he argued that the same...', 'A lawyer says a toddler spent several months in custody -- and was allegedly sexually abused -- even though her father, a legal resident, was available to care for her.', 'MILWAUKEE &#8212; Former Milwaukee County Judge Hannah Dugan&#8217;s request for a new trial or acquittal has been denied. Dugan was convicted of felony obstruction in December after she interfered with an immigration arrest in the courthouse last spring. She was acquitted on a misdemeanor charge related to concealment. Federal Judge Lynn Adelman, who presided over [&#8230;]The post Federal judge rejects former Milwaukee County Judge&#8217;s request for new trial appeared first on WTMJ.', '(RNS) — As politicians in Washington singled out Somali and Muslim immigrant communities in Minnesota last year, a familiar stereotype&#8230;', "A\xa0Wisconsin sheriff's deputy sifting through money taken from an illegal immigrant suspect arrested on drug charges became ill when she was hit in the face with airborne powdered fentanyl and cocaine, authorities said.\xa0", 'DHS blasts Fairfax County for offering what it calls an &quot;insane&quot; five-year plea deal to two illegal immigrants who admitted to a fatal stabbing in Virginia.', '"Hamideh Soleimani Afshar and her daughter are now in the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement," the statement said, adding that Afshar\'s husband has also been banned from entering the United States.', "EL PASO, Texas (KVIA) -- El Paso County Commissioners Court is set to discuss and take action on the future of migrant detention centers within county limits, along with the El Paso County Attorney's Office Monday. ABC-7 reported last month that the County was raising concerns over proposed ICE detention centers, including the proposed oneThe post El Paso County to give update on immigration detention centers within county limits appeared first on KVIA.", 'Pinal County’s legal team told a judge Friday the dispute over County Attorney Brad Miller’s immigration agreement comes down to a single question: Does he have the authority to sign [&#8230;]The post Pinal County asks judge to freeze Miller’s ICE deal in new filing appeared first on InMaricopa.com.', 'Christine Fréchette has the support of 16 cabinet ministers, including the current finance, immigration, public security, culture and environment ministers.\xa0', 'The Justice Department is dealing with absolute chaos after a number of district court judges issued strong rulings challenging the legality of some of President Donald Trump\'s moves. Not only is Trump\'s administration dealing with losses by U.S. Attorneys in immigration-related cases and losing in Trump\'s retribution cases, but the DOJ is also losing when it comes to defending his "executive power grabs," wrote The Guardian\'s Peter Stone on Monday. Rulings coming in on the cases have gone beyond losses, however. Since Trump\'s second term, lower court judges have been writing critical opinions...', 'U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement says its agents in Canada don’t carry firearms, following questions about a potential ICE presence at upcoming FIFA World Cup games.', "Judges in immigration cases have been trained to use a restricted version of Microsoft 's AI Copilot tool to help prepare for hearings and write skeleton judgements.", 'KINGSTON – The Ulster County Legislature is going to codify a longstanding executive order governing interactions with federal immigration officials into permanent legislative policy. “This is about something simple: protecting constitutional rights and making sure our county government operates with clarity and consistency,” said Legislature Chairman Peter Criswell. Key provisions of the resolution include a [&#8230;]', 'President Donald Trump demanded Republicans pass a reconciliation bill by June 1 to fund ICE and border agents, bypassing Democrats who refuse to fund immigration operations.', 'Student organizations gathered on the Lory Student Center Plaza last Wednesday afternoon for the United Front for Freedom&#8217;s monthly Student Mass Assembly, where community members voiced concerns ranging from campus resource cuts to immigrant rights. The event, held from 1-3 p.m. on April 1, was co-hosted by six organizations: The Young Democratic Socialists of America,...The post Student groups rally at CSU mass assembly, raise concerns over resources, rights appeared first on The Rocky Mountain Collegian.', 'The Daily Northwestern &#183; The Weekly: ICE in O&#8217;Hare, IL-09 inconsistencies, new women&#8217;s basketball coach &#160; WALLIS ROGIN: Last week, students saw inconsistent wait times and Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers at O&#8217;Hare International Airport, two Illinois&#8217; 9th Congressional District candidates reportedly broke promises to consolidate the progressive vote and the Northwestern women&#8217;s basketball team...The post The Weekly: ICE in O’Hare, Illinois’ 9th Congressional District Race, new women’s basketball coach appeared first on The Daily...', 'Story and photos by Macey Wurm Reporting for West Seattle Blog The sun shone down Saturday as West Seattle&#8217;s Vietnamese Cultural Center welcomed visitors &#8211; including Seattle Mayor Katie Wilson &#8211; to celebrate Vietnamese Heritage Day. The afternoon was not only to acknowledge veterans of the Vietnam War and celebrate Vietnamese immigration to Washington state, [&#8230;]', "Activist challenges immigration crackdown: 'Is this who you want to be?'", 'President Donald Trump has fired Secretary of Homeland Security Kristi Noem and Attorney General Pam Bondi, but that does not mean his draconian anti-immigrant agenda will wind down. According to a recent report, the architect of that agenda remains as entrenched in power as ever."Far from acknowledging defeat, Mr. Miller appears to have simply adjusted his strategy in an effort to minimize political fallout," wrote Zolan Kanno-Youngs, Hamed Aleaziz, Christopher Flavelle, Emily Cochrane and Glenn Thrush of The New York Times in a Sunday report.The report elaborated that, even as Trump’s “...', 'KOTA KINABALU (April 5): The Ministry of Home Affairs has been urged to take firm and transparent action over issues linked to the alleged issuance of identity cards to foreigners, following renewed attention on the findings of the 2013 Royal Commission of Inquiry (RCI) on illegal immigrants in Sabah. In making this call, Likas assemblyman [...]The post Likas rep calls for firm action over alleged IC issuance to foreigners in Sabah appeared first on Borneo Post Online.', 'Our survey finds that 20% of 2024 Trump voters are considering abandoning Republicans in 2028. But the picture isn’t rosy for Democrats eitherA new survey offers some novel insight into Trump’s corroding coalition.The survey, which I (Abbott) conducted with the scholar and author Joan C Williams, sampled about 1,940 Trump voters and captured the attitudes of the broad coalition that brought Trump to the White House in 2024. Respondents were asked if they intended to vote Republican in the 2028 presidential election and, in particular, their views on immigration – Trump’s strongest issue...', '“I just think that if they would have moved faster, nothing like that would have happened,” her father said.The post 3-year-old immigrant suffered alleged sexual abuse during months in federal custody, family says appeared first on Boston.com.', 'EXCLUSIVE: Sixty UK high street barbers received penalties of up to £90,000 after raids by Immigration Enforcement officers.', 'The architect of President Trump’s mass deportation campaign wants “a moratorium on immigration from third world countries until we can heal ourselves as a nation.” The chaos in Minneapolis has not pushed him off that course.', 'An immigrant family is grappling with the ordeal suffered by a 3-year-old girl who endured alleged sexual abuse while her father fought for five months for her release from federal custody', 'Tarsem Singh, an Indian national, was recently indicted on vehicular homicide, involuntary manslaughter and reckless homicide charges, according to DHS.', 'DHS announced an ICE detainer was filed against an illegal immigrant accused in a high-speed chase crash that killed a pregnant 17-year-old and her unborn child.', 'It seems that one can best explain America&#8217;s immigration policies with the supposition that they were crafted by our enemies to do as much harm as possible. That thought is prompted by news that the niece and grand-niece of Iran&#8217;s arch terrorist, Gen. Qasem Soleimani, killed by an American missile during the first Trump administration, are to be deported: The niece of slain Iranian mastermind Gen. Qasem Soleimani, who showcased', 'Chaos erupts at Kittanning DMV after ICE arrived to arrest immigrant drivers', 'The niece and grand-niece of Qasem Soleimani are in the custody of US Immigration and Customs Enforcement, officials said.', 'By Sunita Sohrabji Contributing Writer SAN FRANCISCO — The Supreme Court April 1 heard oral arguments challenging President Donald Trump’s birthright citizenship ban, which deals a heavy blow to immigrant families by denying automatic citizenship to anyone born in the U.S. The case — Barbara vs. Trump — challenges Trump’s Jan. 21, 2025 executive order, &#8230;', 'DHS revealed that a suspect who fled to China after allegedly planting a deadly explosive device at an important military base is the child of two Chinese illegal immigrants.', 'Officials said the parents illegally entered the United States and applied for asylum in 1993, but an immigration judge denied those claims and ordered both Zheng and Zou removed from the US in 1998.', 'Physicians from 39 countries are being pushed out of U.S. hospitals as a policy blocks their ability to work.', 'Francisco Mendez-Marin, a 24-year-old illegal immigrant from Mexico, was arrested March 18 by the Carrolton Police Department and is charged with felony homicide after he allegedly killed his wife, 20-year-old Karla Rangel.', 'Immigration lawyers and former federal officials say the case of Salah Sarsour echoes those against other pro-Palestinian activists.', "The recent massive expansion of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement distinctly parallels the hasty creation of the Prohibition-era federal police force in the 1920s. Both enforcement bodies faced intense public scrutiny for lowering training standards, hiring poorly vetted agents, and utilizing reckless violence to achieve difficult objectives. Historical records of Prohibition's disastrous enforcement offer a stark warning about the dangers of rapidly scaling federal policing.The post What ICE Could Learn from Prohibition&#8217;s Failures appeared first on FlaglerLive.", 'Armando Gonzalez, 49, was on his way to a job this week when he was detained by federal immigration agents along Big Bear Boulevard.', 'A Nevada federal judge ruled that a Department of Homeland Security policy that called for mandatory detention of immigrants in deportation proceedings, who otherwise would&#8217;ve been eligible for bail, violates the law.', 'A disagreement between state and local officials is brewing in Gallatin County — centered around how local agencies respond to requests from immigration and customs enforcement (ICE).', 'White House "border czar"\xa0Tom Homan appeared on "The Will Cain Show" acknowledging that immigration enforcement efforts will continue after Pam Bondi’s departure.', 'MILWAUKEE &#8212; Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents arrested Islamic Society of Milwaukee President Salah Sarsour on Monday, March 30 for allegedly lying on his immigration forms and on suspicion of funding terrorist groups, according to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS). In a statement posted on April 2, DHS stated: Today, the U.S. Department [&#8230;]The post Department of Homeland Security releases statement in arrest of Islamic Society President appeared first on WTMJ.', 'Maldin Anibal Guzman and Wis Alonso Sorto-Portillo will serve only 5 years in prison after taking a plea deal from Fairfax County Commonwealth’s Attorney Steve Descano.', 'The president of the FL Police Chiefs Association is responding to a proposal by Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd to create a new path forward for immigrants who are in the country illegally.', 'An amendment to a voucher expansion bill advancing in the statehouse links public school funding with students’ immigration status. Education advocates warn that this measure would discourage undocumented students from enrolling in Tennessee schools.', 'Border czar Tom Homan said the Trump administration will ramp up immigration enforcement despite AG Pam Bondi&apos;s departure from her Cabinet role.', 'Leqaa Kordia, a Palestinian woman who was detained by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for more than a year after participating in protests near Columbia University, discusses what she endured in an ICE detention facility in Texas and speaks about the conditions that she describes as "horrific," joined by her attorney Sarah Sherman-Stokes, a clinical associate professor at Boston University School of Law.\xa0Photo: Palestinian activist and former Columbia University student Leqaa Kordia greets family, friends and supporters at a welcome home rally on March 22, 2026, in Paterson, New...', 'I can and will claim to be a veteran of the shouty march, from my teenage foray into the demonstrating columns in my college days in Mumbai shouting “hamara naam, tumara naam, Vietnam, Vietnam”, to London demos in the same cause chanting “Ho, Ho, Ho Chi Minh!” and dodging mounted police outside the American embassy at Grosvenor Square', 'The attorney general might be out, but the Department of Justice problems persist. The Los Angeles Times reported Friday that every case federal prosecutors in L.A. have pursued against protesters they allege "assaulted federal officers" have been dropped.Even a federal judge is calling the U.S. attorney\'s office "amateur hour" after losing one assault trial. They have charged more than 100 protesters since June 2025, claiming assault or "interference with immigration enforcement."U.S. District Judge André Birotte presided over a case in which federal prosecutors failed to disclose additional...', 'He further added that to ensure the development of the country and Assam, it must be saved from illegal immigrants', 'Ottawa wants to pretend the problem was failing to keep the system sustainable, but it runs much deeper than that', 'Lower immigration has brought labor supply in line with shaky demand, but economists worry that such a slow-moving job market is at risk of toppling over.', 'A 56-year-old Haitian man from Dorchester died March 2 while in Immigration and Customs Enforcement custody due to an untreated tooth infection, according to a statement from the Department of Homeland Security released March 6. Emmanuel Damas, who was arrested by ICE and taken to a detention center in Arizona last September, was transported to...', 'NEW DELHI: For millions of Indians travelling abroad each year, one of the first challenges after landing has nothing to do with immigration queues or luggage belts. It is the scramble for mobile connectivity &#8212; navigating unfamiliar telecom stores, paying steep roaming charges, or going without data until hotel Wi-Fi becomes available. A rapidly maturing [&#8230;]', 'The echoes of 1960s Harlem—free breakfasts, Black Panther patrols, school protests and strikes—returned as I watched modern Black Panthers confront ICE outside Philadelphia City Hall. A late-January 2026 documentary from Radio-Canada followed their patrols and confrontations with officers from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). The report brought back memories of the movement’s heyday in MoreThe post Harlem, the Black Panthers, and the Return of “Power to the People” appeared first on CounterPunch.org.', "Federal immigration authorities have arrested the head of Wisconsin's largest Islamic organization, the Trump administration announced Thursday.", 'By Edward Henderson Contributing Writer SACRAMENTO — Former state Controller Betty Yee has spent more than four decades shaping fiscal policy and public finance in the Golden State. A San Francisco native and daughter of Chinese immigrants, Yee rose from working in her family’s small business to managing the finances of what is now the &#8230;', 'The end of the session was marked with with a flurry of maneuvering on last-minute legislation\xa0– including hotly contested immigration bills.', "Chicago police Supt. Larry Snelling is standing by his department’s actions during ramped-up immigration enforcement last year, telling residents his officers were “out there working to keep communities safe.”Snelling joined the Community Commission for Public Safety and Accountability for a “special hearing” Thursday to discuss his department's interactions with federal immigration agents.Dozens of people attended, some accusing Chicago police of illegally coordinating with immigration agents during President Donald Trump’s aggressive deportation campaign.A similar meeting back in...", 'ICE arrested an illegal immigrant from Guatemala accused of sexually abusing a 5-year-old Long Island girl he was babysitting before local charges were upgraded.', 'Federal immigration agents are violating Illinois law and making arrests at Chicago-area courthouses, several local officials alleged at a press conference Thursday.The Cook County Public Defender’s office said since late February, federal immigration agents have been spotted entering the Domestic Violence Courthouse at 555 W. Harrison St., or waiting directly outside.In at least two of those instances, someone was arrested, including that of a woman followed out of the courthouse and detained by federal agents March 10. The other occurred February 27, officials said. Still another person was...', 'Chicago’s top federal prosecutor said he’s taking “no chances” that Sheridan Gorman’s alleged killer will be released, filing an illegal gun possession charge Thursday against the Venezuelan immigrant already charged with the murder of the Loyola University Chicago freshman.No federal court date has been scheduled for Jose Medina, 25, who was ordered detained Friday by a state court judge in connection with Gorman’s slaying. Medina’s attorney actually asked Cook County Circuit Court Judge D’Anthony Thedford to hold Medina in jail so he won’t be deported.Now the feds have...', 'Cook County’s top prosecutor abruptly dropped a felony case against a DePaul University student accused of spitting on an Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent over the weekend at O’Hare Airport.In an arrest report, Chicago police said Brett Heier “intentionally and forcefully” spat on the ICE agent Sunday while leaving Terminal 2 at O’Hare. Heier, 20, was charged with felony aggravated battery to a peace officer and was ordered released pending trial during his first court appearance Wednesday. By Thursday evening, Cook County State’s Attorney Eileen O’Neill Burke had “...', 'EL PASO, Texas (KVIA) -- Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) released an inspection report on Camp East Montana, the immigration detention facility on Fort Bliss. ABC-7 obtained a copy of the report Thursday. It lists 49 deficiencies in national standards, including in medical care and facility security. The inspection covered 24 standards reviewed by theThe post ICE inspection reports 49 deficiencies in national standards at Camp East Montana appeared first on KVIA.', 'On Thursday, April 2, Senator Mark Harris (R-Soda Springs) asked the chamber to reject amendments to Senate Bill 1247. The rejected amendments attempted to resurrect House Bill 659, which died in a Senate committee earlier this year. The proposal would have required every Idaho law enforcement agency to enter into 287(g) agreements with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.', 'Immigration policy from the White House is slowly making its way through the Tennessee statehouse with the end of session just a few weeks away.', 'Three Ghanaian men who attempted to travel covertly to Europe have been handed over to immigration authorities in Nigeria after they were discovered hiding aboard a cargo vessel that docked in Lagos. The men reportedly believed the vessel was en route to destinations such as Britain, Canada or Spain.', "'This cycle is not sustainable indefinitely.'", 'The agency refused to prosecute alleged national security, labor, and white-collar crime while increasing immigration cases, a new report finds.', "CHAPARRAL, New Mexico (KVIA) -- The New Mexico Department of Justice filed a petition for a 'writ of mandamus' yesterday with the New Mexico Supreme Court to immediately block the agreement between Otero County and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) aimed at keeping open the detention center located in Chaparral, New Mexico, given that,The post New Mexico DOJ files emergency petition to block ICE detention center agreement in Otero County appeared first on KVIA.", 'Vancouver, April 02, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) &#8212; The Immigration Oversight Act introduced by the Alberta government yesterday will create more barriers for access to critically needed labour at a time when restaurants are already struggling with labour shortages. “The preference is always to hire Albertans, but in some regions, there are just not enough workers...The post Immigration Oversight Act will create additional hiring barriers for Alberta restaurants appeared first on Montreal Gazette.', "Pittsburgh immigration activist's 8-day trek to central Pa. aims to raise awareness about Moshannon Valley Processing Center", 'BOISE, Idaho (Idaho Capital Sun) — Idaho House lawmakers, who said negotiations stalled on one immigration issue, opted to do a late-session “hostile” take-over of another bill in another attempt to mandate all local law enforcement agencies enter formal agreements with federal immigration authorities.During an evening floor session, Reps. Jordan Redman, R-Coeur d’Alene, and Dale Hawkins, R-Fernwood, brought an amendment that essentially re-wrote an existing bill. The process is known as “radiator capping,” or completely rebuilding the “engine” of a bill except the radiator cap...', "HOUSTON, Texas, April 2, 2026 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Galveston-Houston Immigrant Representation Project (GHIRP) will host its 5-Year Anniversary Spring Festival Fundraiser on Saturday, April 25, 2026, from 12 p.m. to 4 p.m. at Dan Electro's in Houston. The event will bring together community members and advocates to celebrate five years of impact while raising urgently needed funds to defend immigrants across the Galveston-Houston area.", 'Even after Speaker Mike Johnson agreed to a deal to fund the Department of Homeland Security without immigration enforcement money, the House failed to take it up amid hard-right opposition.', 'Supreme Court justices and lawyers cited a litany of historic cases that reflect the many times Asians turned to the courts, trying to shape immigration law.', 'He criticised the Congress for allegedly enabling illegal immigration and neglecting development during its rule.', 'The acting director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement told lawmakers that the use of Paragon spyware is necessary to counter terrorists’ “thriving exploitation of encrypted communications platforms.”', 'An immigrant sex worker may have wanted to expose Bryon Noem’s double life as a cross-dressing fetishist as payback for his former DHS chief wife’s enforcement of President Trump’s immigration crackdown, according to a White House reporter.', 'ISLAMABAD – Chaudhry Muhammad Ali Randhawa has got a new role in Immigration and Passport Services, after transfer as Islamabad…', 'Even after Speaker Mike Johnson agreed to a deal to fund the Department of Homeland Security without immigration enforcement money, the House failed to take it up amid hard-right opposition.', 'MILWAUKEE &#8212; Immigration and Custom Enforcement agents arrest and detain the president of the Islamic Society of Milwaukee. Salah Sarsour was leaving his home on March 30 when his vehicle was surrounded by ICE agents, who then took him into custody. In a statement from the Islamic Society of Milwaukee, Sarsour was then transferred to [&#8230;]The post President of the Islamic Society of Milwaukee arrested by ICE appeared first on WTMJ.', 'Andrew Lutfy has lambasted Quebec Premier Francois Legault for the province’s restrictive immigration policies', 'The NYU School of Law hosted a panel on immigration representation Tuesday, where advocates emphasized the need for legal assistance from citizens and local officials amid the Trump administration’s sweeping enforcement efforts.\xa0\xa0 Leaders from the New Sanctuary Coalition, The Door and UnLocal spoke to around 30 students in a Q&A on their nonprofit immigration defense...This story ‘Really intersectional’: Immigration experts advocate for legal support at NYU Law appeared first on Washington Square News.', 'On birthright citizenship, Trump’s restrictive immigration agenda hits a rare roadblock', 'Convicted of violating sanctions on Iran and awaiting a decision on his deportation, Amin Yousefijam has taken the government to court over the matter.', "On today's show:Andy Kim, U.S. Senator (D NJ), talks about his work in the Senate and the issues in New Jersey.Reverend Juan Carlos Ruiz, a pastor at Good Shephard Church in Bay Ridge,\xa0discusses the political divide over how Christian congregations are using scripture to guide their approach to immigration policy.Despite allowing a Russian tanker to breach the United States' fuel blockade and deliver oil to Cuba, President Trump reiterated his treat to take over the island. What happens next? Jon Lee Anderson, staff writer at The New Yorker,\xa0talks about his reporting from Cuba. And Ryan Grim...", 'By Janet Susan R. Nepales &#160; We arrived at the Geffen Playhouse&#8217;s Audrey Skirball Kenis Theater without any expectations. &#160; Until actress Sara Porkalob arrived onstage to do her almost...The post Sara Porkalob of ‘Dragon Mama’ transforms her family&#8217;s immigrant struggles into a two-hour show and portrays 28 characters appeared first on Asian Journal News.', 'The Sovereign Base Areas Police has revealed joint operations alongside the Cyprus Police, United Nations and His Majesty’s Customs and Immigration have taken place over the past month to deter the illegal use and importation of Easter bangers. With Greek Orthodox Easter now less than two weeks away, police officials confirmed seven operations have taken [&#8230;]', 'With President Donald Trump present, U.S. Supreme Court justices signaled skepticism on Wednesday toward the legality of his directive to restrict birthright citizenship in the U.S., part of his hardline immigration approach that would upend the long-held understanding of a key constitutional provision. In his historic visit to the top U.S. judicial body, Trump, wearing [&#8230;]', "The Boss’ tour opener, set at the epicenter of Trump's immigration crackdown, was a fiercely defiant call to action.", 'A federal judge previously issued a preliminary injunction in response to a 2025 immigration enforcement action at a Sacramento Home Depot.', 'By Hailey Ensor, Staff Writer Towson University issued a new policy on federal law enforcement access to non-public spaces on campus last semester, which applies to all law officers including Federal Immigration Enforcement officers. The policy was adopted after a new Maryland law passed because of concern over the rising rate of raids on immigrants [&#8230;]', 'Chiemelie Ezeobi The Nigerian Navy Ship (NNS) BEECROFT has handed over three suspected Ghanaian stowaways rescued from a merchant vessel, MT ANATOLIA, to the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) as part', "The ex-Columbia University student protester suggested Trump-appointed Emil Bove's prior Justice Department tenure creates a significant conflict of interest.", '*Tristan Thompson is weighing in on one of the most divisive topics in American politics, and his perspective carries the weight of personal experience. The NBA veteran sat down for an upcoming episode of &#8220;The Katie Miller Podcast,&#8221; where he voiced his support for President Trump&#8217;s immigration crackdown. Born in Brampton, Ontario, Canada, Thompson spoke [&#8230;]The post Canadian Born Ex-NBAer Tristan Thompson Supports Trump&#8217;s Immigration Policies appeared first on EURweb | Black News, Culture, Entertainment & More.', 'Rep. Ilhan Omar said Democrats withheld support for a Homeland Security funding bill unless immigration enforcement reforms were included, speaking at a town hall in Minnesota.', 'A DePaul University student was charged with spitting on an Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent working at O’Hare Airport amid a partial government shutdown prompted by calls to reform ICE.Brett Heier, 20, "intentionally and forcefully" spat on the agent Sunday evening while leaving Terminal 2 at O’Hare, according to a Chicago police arrest report. Heier faces a felony charge of aggravated battery to a peace officer.But his lawyer, Barry Sheppard, argued that his client is only accused of spitting on the agent\'s shoe, and it may have been unintentional. The arrest report notes that...', 'As the high court heard arguments on whether to limit birthright citizenship, many people pondered what the decision could mean for future generations.', 'This morning, the Supreme Court held oral argument in Trump v. Barbara, the case that will determine whether children of illegal immigrants will be granted American citizenship under the 14th Amendment. For everything you might want to know about the argument and the reactions of the justices, check out this special edition of the rationally BASED podcast, hosted by Ilan Wurman, the leading academic expert on the subject. Along with', "A majority of Supreme Court justices peppered Solicitor General D. John Sauer with skeptical questions about the Trump administration's position that birthright citizenship should not apply to babies born to immigrants in the country illegally.", 'Republican congressional leaders said Wednesday they would work to pass a two-track plan to pass legislation funding immigration enforcement separately from the rest of the Department of Homeland Security after President Donald Trump showed support for the move.&nbsp;', 'Republicans said they would move forward with the plan to partially fund the Homeland Security Department, just days after GOP lawmakers in the House rejected the Senate compromise that peeled off some immigration enforcement budget.', '"This is about protecting Alberta\'s reputation and it\'s also about protecting the workers who are coming here," Schow said at a Wednesday press conference', "Ice, immigration and imperialism converged this year in North America's only winter biennial.", "Funding for the Department of Homeland Security — including the TSA — lapsed in February, over Democratic concerns about the agency's immigration enforcement.", 'WASHINGTON\xa0— The record-breaking 46-day partial shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security could end soon. House Republicans appear to have caved and backed the Senate plan to fund all of DHS except parts of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, as well as US Customs and Border Protection. &#8220;We are going forward to fund our incredible ICE...', 'Lawmakers, activists and the great-grandson of the plaintiff in the high court’s landmark 1898 birthright citizenship case slammed the Trump administration for angling to strip 14th Amendment protections from the children of immigrants without legal status.', 'Caroline Coudriet, who has been covering defense spending for CQ/Roll Call, is departing after seven years. She previously covered immigration for the publications. Previously, Coudriet was a committees reporter for CQ, where she covered House and Senate committee markups. She is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania, where she spent most of her time [&#8230;]', 'WASHINGTON — The Department of Homeland Security is pausing the purchase of new warehouses intended to house immigrants as it scrutinizes all contracts signed under former Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem, according to a senior Homeland Security official.', 'Early in his second term, President Trump signed the order and argues that babies born in the U.S. to undocumented immigrants and temporary foreign visitors were not eligible for automatic citizenship.The post Supreme Court hears oral arguments about birthright citizenship appeared first on KYMA.', 'A new study found that most babies born without citizenship would be Hispanic, but the biggest relative increase would be among babies born to Asian parents on visas.', "Federal policies are trying to help housing at the same time that they are hurting. Here's how immigration and tariffs have had an impact.", 'On Wednesday, the U.S. Supreme Court heard oral arguments challenging key pieces of the 14th Amendment that grant citizenship to anyone born on U.S. soil. From the early days of America, people born on U.S. soil were considered to be citizens, even if their parents were immigrants. It\'s a rule that the U.S. brought over from England as part of "common law." According to American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) lawyer Cody Wofsy, the original law was about "monarchical power; but in our young republic, it found new life as a principle of equal citizenship." The lawyer is among those arguing before...', 'The U.S. Supreme Court is hearing arguments at 10 a.m. ET over the constitutionality of President Donald Trump’s order to end birthright citizenship for children born in the United States to someone in the country illegally or temporarily. The birthright citizenship order, which Trump signed on Jan. 20, 2025, the first day of his second term, is part of his Republican administration’s broad immigration crackdown. Trump plans to be in attendance. He will be the first sitting president to attend oral arguments at the nation’s highest court. Every lower court to have considered the issue has...', 'She has spent much of her career defending immigrants’ rights in America.', "Trump's executive order says babies born in the U.S. are not entitled to citizenship if their parents are illegal immigrants or undocumented workers.", 'MIRI (April 1): The upgrading works of the Sungai Tujoh Immigration, Customs, Quarantine and Security (CIQS) complex has been targeted for completion within this month, said Sarawak Transport Minister Dato Sri Lee Kim Shin. He said operations are expected to commence by May to ease traffic congestion at Sarawak&#8217;s main northern entry point. &#8220;This project [...]The post Upgraded Sungai Tujoh CIQS expected to begin operations next month, says minister appeared first on Borneo Post Online.', 'As part of his immigration crackdown, Trump signed an order ending the right of children of undocumented people to get automatic citizenship.', "President Donald Trump is displaying nothing short of “narcissistic authoritarianism” when he repeatedly describes various things as being a “national emergency,” according to a right-leading editor.“Much like his notion of what constitutes a ‘national emergency,’ Trump's perception of existential threats to the republic is highly idiosyncratic,” wrote Reason Magazine editor Jacob Sullum in a piece published Tuesday. Sullum then reviewed the list of issues that Trump has characterized in apocalyptic terms including crime, terrorism, illegal immigration, “Democratic electoral...", 'The Canada has announced an increase in application fees for permanent residence and citizenship, raising the cost of migration for Nigerians and other foreign nationals. The new fees, published by Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC), will take effect from April 30, 2026, with citizenship fee adjustments already effective from March 31, 2026. The agency [&#8230;]read more Nigerians, others to pay more as Canada increases residence, citizenship fee', 'Legislators are weighing tax increases on the wealthy and changes to laws meant to protect immigrants and the environment as the state budget deadline passes.', "Law enforcement groups throughout the state are sounding off in opposition to Senate Bill 1441 as it advances in the Idaho Senate.“When you stretch these resources so thin, then it makes it a safety issue for officers on the street,” said Idaho Fraternal Order of Police President Bryan Lovell. “It's a safety issue for the community because 911 calls still happen, crashes still happen, incidents still happen that aren't necessarily related to illegal immigration – and if they are, there's already processes in place and methods to deal with it right now.”“That was the intention, to...", 'A federal judge in Rhode Island said that the administration had wrongly demanded that groups seeking grants comply with its agenda on other issues, including immigration.', 'The family says they fled persecution in Uzbekistan. Two days after a judge denied their asylum claim, immigration officials detained Zarshed Mamatkulov - despite an ongoing appeal in the case.', 'The newly minted homeland security secretary told lawmakers during his nomination hearing that under his leadership, immigration agents would not forcibly enter homes without a signed judicial warrant — a departure from nearly a year of Trump administration policy.', 'Trump administration pauses plans to buy warehouses for immigrant detention, sources say', 'The Trump administration must restore the legal status of potentially hundreds of thousands of immigrants, a federal judge ruled Tuesday.', 'Three days after he defended his immigration enforcement agreement with federal authorities before a Maricopa crowd, Pinal County Attorney Brad Miller filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit challenging the [&#8230;]The post Pinal County attorney asks judge to throw out ICE lawsuit appeared first on InMaricopa.com.', 'The Colorado Legislature passed several laws in recent years protecting immigrants by preventing coordination between state agencies and federal immigration authorities.', 'Generally, the trends in births to unauthorized immigrants follow the growth and decline of the unauthorized immigrant population.', 'Builders are reporting sales impacts from policy shifts as consumers become increasingly skeptical of traditional “dream home” marketing.', 'On his first day back in office, President Donald Trump signed Executive Order 14160, denying birthright citizenship to the children of undocumented immigrants and other parents who are not permanent residents. On Wednesday, the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments over the order&#8217;s legality. If Trump prevails, the case will fundamentally change American society. &#8220;This [&#8230;]', 'Washington Gov. Bob Ferguson on Monday signed into law new guardrails for the use of automated license plate readers, amid concerns federal immigration authorities are tapping them to aid in [&#8230;]', 'WASHINGTON D.C. (KEYT) – Senator Alex Padilla joined a bicameral group of over one hundred members of Congress in an amicus brief for a case concerning the sharing of taxpayer information with immigration enforcement agents in violation of federal law. "This case is pretty cut and dry: the IRS broke the law," stated Congresswoman LindaThe post Congressmembers publicly oppose illegal sharing of taxpayer information by Trump Administration appeared first on News Channel 3-12.', 'Delaware Governor Matt Meyer and other state leaders have released videos in English and Spanish highlighting the essential civil rights that are guaranteed to Delaware residents when they encounter federal immigration authorities. The videos encourage Delawareans to “Know your Rights” and include a state-supported webpage with an easy guide to learn more about keeping themselves and their families safe.https://youtu.be/Tjrak_KNXKsor WATCH:\xa0EN ESPAÑOLThe English version features Delaware leaders from the federal, state, and local levels, including Governor Matt Meyer, U.S. Senator Chris...', nan, 'Over the past three decades, the collection of DNA from convicted criminals has become standard in the U.S. justice system, and many states now also swab people arrested for serious crimes. Legislation awaiting a final vote in Georgia would take that a step further by collecting DNA from people charged with less serious misdemeanors — but only if federal immigration...', 'A new policy outlines how Prince George’s County schools staff should respond if immigration enforcement agents appear on campus.', 'The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) and other Agencies have deported about 1,230 stranded Nigerian migrants from Niamey to Kano State. In a letter addressed to Immigration, Customs and Police Authorities in both Countries, the Nigerian Embassy in Niger, disclosed that the returnees were being transported in vehicles operated by Rimbo Transport Voyageurs. The Mission [&#8230;]read more Niger Republic deports 1,208 Nigerian migrants in two weeks', "NBA veteran became an American citizen in 2020, says he loves what Trump's doing for US", 'LeBron James’ former teammate, Tristan Thompson, defended President Donald Trump and his controversial immigration policy on Monday.', "For decades, Democratic strategists have envisioned Latinos as the key to making Texas a blue state — or at least a swing state. But so far, that hasn't happened. Nationwide, Donald Trump won 46 percent of the Latino vote in 2024; in Texas, according to the Texas Tribune, he carried 55 percent of Latino voters. For Trump, immigration wasn't the liability among Latinos that Democrats hoped it would be. Many Latinos, include those in Texas, told pollsters that they wanted secure borders and had no problem deporting people who were in the country illegally and committed crimes. But according to...", 'KINGSTON – Ulster County Executive Jen Metzger is proposing a local law that would establish countywide standards for law enforcement identification during public-facing operations. The proposal was prompted by ICE agents wearing masks to cover their identities while they go into communities and grab suspected criminals and other illegal immigrants. Under Metzger’s plan, public-facing law [&#8230;]', 'Frustrated by the Trump administration’s immigration crackdown, some Latino voters say they also disagree with his plan, now before the Supreme Court, to reject automatic citizenship for children born in the United States to immigrant parents.', 'As the justices prepare to hear a landmark case about birthright citizenship, their family stories are a reminder that the law has shaped who can be an American.', 'As the court prepares to hear oral arguments in a landmark case on birthright citizenship, our Supreme Court correspondent, Abbie VanSickle, traced the justices’ ancestries. She found family histories that spanned the American experience, including one case of birthright citizenship.', 'Bruce Springsteen returns Tuesday to the “Streets of Minneapolis.” After honoring its residents in song for their courage in standing up against the federal immigration crackdown, he’s using the city to launch his latest U.S. tour. The New Jersey rocker released “Streets of Minneapolis” amid the nationwide outpouring over the shooting deaths of Renee Good and Alex Pretti by federal officers. His tour will next head to other cities that were sites of immigration crackdowns. It ends May 27 in Washington, D.C., where he says he’ll have a few choice words for the White House.', 'Airport security officials have been sharing passenger data with immigration agents, but the program received little attention until videos captured a woman and her daughter being detained at San Francisco’s airport.', "President José Antonio Kast's government has suspended a decree drafted by the previous administration of Gabriel Boric that would have regularized some 182,000 people who entered Chile irregularly and voluntarily registered with immigration authorities.", 'Claudia Sheinbaum, president of Mexico, said her country would take legal steps to demand better conditions at immigration detention facilities, where she said 14 Mexican citizens had died since President Trump took office.', 'Rep. Pramila Jayapal called for reparations for illegal immigrants amid Trump&apos;s crackdown, and said those enforcing immigration law should be prosecuted.', 'The White House press secretary rages against the illegal immigrant who allegedly shot and killed the 18-year-old in Chicago earlier this monthThe post Karoline Leavitt Slams Big 3 Networks&#8217; &#8216;Despicable&#8217; Sheridan Gorman Coverage: ‘Her Life Was Worth More Than 23 Seconds’ | Video appeared first on TheWrap.', 'While immigration is often blamed for the rise of populism, it was cost of living and male job dissatisfaction that played a major role in the European surge in support for populist politics a decade ago, according to a University of Cambridge social scientist.', 'PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — “Push!” “Press!” “Good ball!” As the volunteer soccer coach shouted words of motivation, one of his&#8230;', 'Adriana E. Ramírez: Charles Barkley is right about immigration', 'The U.S. Justice Department said Minnesota discriminates against U.S. citizens with tuition aid for immigrants living in this country without authorization.', 'The Supreme Court on April 1, 2026, will hear oral arguments in Trump v. Barbara, the case that challenges the Trump administration’s efforts to bar the children of immigrants without legal status from birthright citizenship by reinterpreting the terms of the 14th Amendment.In January 2025, President Donald Trump issued an executive order removing the recognition of citizenship for the U.S.-born children of both immigrants here illegally and visitors here only temporarily. The new rule is not retroactive. This change in long-standing U.S. policy sparked a wave of litigation. When the justices...', 'Supreme Court to hear case on birthright citizenship, Trump admin wants to limit it to citizens/residents, raising concerns over consequences.', 'Human rights campaign group Amnesty International warned on Monday that certain fans travelling to the United States, Mexico and Canada for the World Cup face serious risks from immigration and customs officers (ICE) as well as border guards (CBP).', "A Portland soccer tournament brought girls from immigrant and refugee families together to push back against fear tied to federal immigration enforcement. Organizer Som Subedi said the goal behind Sunday's tournament was joy, unity and a place where families feel safe. Some players have felt the immigration crackdown directly. Fifteen-year-old Valeria Hernandez says her brother inspired her love for soccer but was deported to Mexico late last year. Police officers and members of an immigrant rights group were there to provide a sense of security. Donations covered fees, jerseys and new cleats...", 'GOLETA, Calif. (KEYT) - Families in Goleta are turning to local support centers for comfort and stability as immigration concerns continue to ripple through the community. The LEAP children’s center focuses on creating a safe and welcoming space, especially for the youngest residents. One recent moment highlighted the center’s role. After a mother spotted immigrationThe post Safe Haven in Goleta: LEAP Helps Children Cope With Immigration Fears appeared first on News Channel 3-12.', 'President Donald Trump spoke with the family of Sheridan Gorman, an 18-year-old allegedly killed by an illegal immigrant in Chicago, a White House official confirmed to Fox News.', 'Catholics in Chicago have expressed sympathy and sorrow over the death of a Loyola University Chicago student who was shot and killed March 19 near the school campus.', '&#8220;One woman became so sick from eating the food that she began vomiting blood &#8220;My kids are terrified; we are all depressed.&#8221; &#8220;I always ask my children for forgiveness for making them suffer through all of this.&#8221; Though the number of families inside Dilley Immigration Processing Center in Texas has dropped dramatically in recent months, [&#8230;]', 'The United States must overturn the 1965 Hart-Celler Immigration Act that opened up the nation to never-ending streams of Third World migration, argued U.S. Congressman Andy Ogles (R-Tenn.) in this interview with The New American magazine&#8217;s Alex Newman. His bill, H.R. 7964, would do just that. According to Rep. Ogles, the controversial 1965 legislation, which ...The post US Rep. Ogles: End 1965 Immigration Act That FLOODED US With 3rd World appeared first on The New American.', 'Demonstrators gathered Friday evening at O’Hare International Airport to protest U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who have been called to assist with airport security amid a partial federal government shutdown.ICE agents had been seen at O’Hare since Monday after President Donald Trump directed them to help the Transportation Security Administration’s operations at airports nationwide amid the Department of Homeland Security funding lapse.No ICE agents were seen Friday in Terminal 1, where the couple dozen protesters gathered, or Terminal 2.“ICE out of O’Hare, ICE out...', 'Minnesota public universities can continue to offer in-state tuition and scholarships to some immigrants in the country without legal status, a federal judge ruled on Friday, dismissing a lawsuit filed by the Department of Justice last summer that attempted to halt the programs. The decision follows a series of clashes between the federal government and Minnesota officials over immigration enforcement....', 'Thousands of protesters gathered across Florida cities to demonstrate against Donald Trump during the third No Kings event even in Republican strongholds, including Pensacola, Jacksonville, Lakeland and Flagler County. Veterans joined diverse crowds to criticize foreign policy decisions and domestic immigration enforcement. Participants expressed concern regarding government lawlessness and executive overreach. The post Thousands Of No Kings Protesters Gathered In Red Florida Counties To Challenge Autocracy and War appeared first on FlaglerLive.', 'Republicans have pushed themselves into a "political disaster," wrote Punchbowl News\' Jake Sherman on Monday morning. In the site\'s morning newsletter, it explained that for a short time, Democrats were being blamed for the government shutdown, with the message being that they refused to fund immigration agents, who had already been funded last year in Donald Trump\'s "Big Beautiful Bill." Now, officials are taking off for the next two weeks, leaving no end in sight unless the House can somehow force a vote using what\'s called a "discharge petition." Punchbowl called it all "pretty remarkable...', 'On January 7, an Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent shot Renee Good multiple times as she sat in her SUV in Minneapolis. One week earlier, an off-duty ICE agent killed Keith Porter Jr. outside his Los Angeles apartment complex on New Year’s Eve. In both cases, federal officials defended the shootings using language that witnesses [&#8230;]', 'The Minnesota Star Tribune reports that ICE thugs have been following anti-ICE state legislators around in their cars and standing in front of their homes taking pictures, clearly intimidating threats.“They made a big show of pointing a camera way out their window so that I could see them taking pictures of my house,” three-term State Representative Brad Tabke told the newspaper. His child was home alone at the time, and the action, according to Tabke, frightened him. In an article written by Allison Kite, the newspaper added:“Tabke said he saw what appeared to be federal immigration...', 'Former professional basketball player and sports analyst Charles Barkley recently went on a lengthy tirade against the mistreatment of immigrants in the United States amid the growing operations of th', 'A crowd of more than 50 clergy leaders and community members braved chilly winds to march outside Sherman Plaza on Sunday afternoon as part of a national campaign to prevent Chicago-based Highlands Real Estate Investment Trust from converting a vacant Colorado prison into an Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention facility. &#8220;We are here with our...The post Community members host second protest against Sherman Plaza owner’s Colorado ICE detention facility plans appeared first on The Daily Northwestern.', 'WASHINGTON (AP) — One of the first things an Argentine emigre did after her son was born in Florida last&#8230;', 'The Elite Eight broadcast during CBS&#8217; NCAA Tournament coverage took an emotional turn for Charles Barkley. He went off-script to make his disagreement known over an ongoing issue in the country, something the folks on Inside the NBA are fully familiar with. Moved by UConn forward Alex Karaban&#8217;s story, Chuck showed his support for every [&#8230;]The post “It’s Really Sad”: Charles Barkley Delivers Powerful Monologue Over Immigration After Alex Karaban Segment appeared first on EssentiallySports.', 'Maj. Gustavo Terrazas has served the Marine Corps for 26 honorable years, and he took the opportunity to return to Okinawa, Japan to retire. From the inception of the Combat Fitness Test to the modern-day uniform, he has seen many of the Marine Corps’ changes and fought where his country needed him. Terrazas’ story began when his family immigrated from Mexico to California when he was 4 years old. After settling in California, Terrazas joined the Marines in the summer of 2000.', 'PATTAYA, Thailand – The U.S. Embassy in Thailand has clarified on social media that immigrant visa issuances are indefinitely suspended for nationals of 75 countries, including Thailand. This action follows a U.S. Department of State announcement, effective January 21, which reinforces an earlier directive. The suspension was reportedly implemented due to high public welfare usage [&#8230;]', 'Partially recognized Horn of Africa nation Somaliland called for firebrand "Squad" Minn. Rep. Ilhan Omar to be extradited after Vice President JD Vance unambiguously accused her of committing immigration fraud and said the White House would "go after" her.', 'The war in Iran was a galvanizing force, but plenty of protesters focused on President Trump’s immigration crackdown. Senate candidates in several key races joined the crowds.', "Journalism is failing America.At least mainstream media, newspapers and TV networks and such, the remnant still chugging away.What's our job? To report the news, to convey what’s happening.And what do we do? Describe fantasies, ghosts, processes that aren’t occurring.Consider the recent murder of Loyola student Sheridan Gorman, out with a group of friends at a beach in Rogers Park when approached by a masked man, shot in the head and killed.That was all too real.But the moment the suspect was identified as a Venezuelan immigrant, the MAGA outrage machine started to whir. Led by President...", 'As CBS set the stage for Sunday evening&#8217;s Elite Eight game between UConn and Duke, the network aired a feature segment on Huskies forward Alex Karaban and his family, who are immigrants from the Eastern European country of Belarus. In an emotional, off-script response to the Karabans&#8217; story, TNT Sports commentator Charles Barkley used the Read more...The post Charles Barkley calls out &#8216;unfair&#8217; treatment of immigrants in U.S. on CBS March Madness studio show appeared first on Awful Announcing.', 'Portugal is preparing to tighten its immigration system, with plans to hold migrants for longer and speed up deportations. The [&#8230;]', 'A few weeks ago, posts about high school students organizing protests\xa0due to\xa0the presence of Immigration and Customs Enforcement began circulating on\xa0social media.\xa0\xa0 In most cases, it was students organizing with their peers to walk out of school in protest of the actions and presence of ICE agents in American cities. \xa0\xa0 They usually assemble around...', 'NYU students joined tens of thousands in Midtown Saturday afternoon to join a citywide “No Kings” protest against the Trump administration’s aggressive immigration enforcement efforts, strikes on Iran and health care cuts.\xa0 Student organizers from the NYU and Columbia University chapters of Students for a Democratic Society met at 1:30 p.m. near Balsley Park before...This story Tens of thousands rally in Midtown for third ‘No Kings’ day appeared first on Washington Square News.', 'White House border czar Tom Homan said Sunday that federal immigration officers deployed to assist airports could remain in place until TSA operations return to normal.', "Thousands of No Kings demonstrations across the United States protested President Donald Trump's war in Iran and crackdown on immigration.", 'Ezra Levin, co-founder of Indivisible, said on Saturday that a nationwide general strike is being planned for May 1 that will be modeled on the day of action residents of Minnesota organized in January against the brutality carried out by federal immigration enforcement officials.Appearing at the flagship No Kings rally in Minneapolis, Levin praised the strength shown by the Minnesota protesters in the face of the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) siege of their city this year, and said his organization wanted to replicate it across the country.“The next major national action of...', 'The names and addresses of officers involved in immigration enforcement will be confidential under a measure headed to the governor&#8217;s desk. House Speaker Cameron Sexton, R-Crossville, filed the legislation last summer after the names of ICE agents were inadvertently made public on the city’s website. State and national Republicans have criticized Nashville Mayor Freddie O’Connell [&#8230;]', 'Huge crowds of protesters rallied across the world, but mainly in the United States on Saturday against President Donald Trump, venting their fury over what they see as his authoritarian style of governing, his hardline immigration policies and the war with Iran.', 'As immigrant detainee deaths have increased, conditions in detention facilities nationwide are coming under more scrutiny.', 'A pair of knee-high faux leather stiletto boots strut down the stage. A pink wig bounces, curls swinging in rhythm. Hands holding dollar bills reach out to drag queen Foxie Azhwé D’Vil, who vogues in a dazzling, rhinestoned leotard with a shiny pink F stitched on the chest.\xa0\xa0D’Vil turned to the crowd, welcoming them to Long Beach State’s first &#8220;Care Fair,&#8221; honoring Trans Week of Joy and the immigrant community in Long Beach.\xa0The Radical Hope Project, a student-led initiative that aims to to uplift marginalized voices through digital media and creative expression, hosted...', 'Hundreds of protesters gathered at the City Plaza after the third “No Kings” march, rallying against President Donald Trump’s actions and policies while advocating for democracy. Such actions include his decisions on immigration enforcement, the Epstein files, cuts to social programs and the war in Iran. The Festival for Democracy was hosted by Invisible Chico,...', 'PATTAYA, Thailand – The Transnational Crime Suppression Unit of Pattaya City Police has arrested five foreign nationals following a raid on a luxury villa in Pong sub-district, East Pattaya, March 28, allegedly used as a base for an online investment scam. The operation was carried out in coordination with Nongprue Police, Tourist Police, and Immigration [&#8230;]', 'Thousands of organized demonstrations stretched across the country. Minnesota was a focal point of the protests after a tumultuous immigration crackdown.', 'KAPIT (March 29): A local delegation, led by Deputy Digital Minister and Hulu Rajang MP Datuk Wilson Ugak Kumbong, recently visited Long Nawang in Kalimatan to hold dialogues with the officers and headmen of that Indonesian Province. The 300-member group also included his wife Datin Leyta Kupa, Miri Resident Galong Luang, Kapit Resident Elvis Didit [...]The post Hulu Rajang MP calls for immigration checkpoint at Tapah Megah after Kalimantan visit appeared first on Borneo Post Online.', 'Thousands of organized demonstrations stretched across the country. Minnesota was a focal point of the protests after a tumultuous immigration crackdown.', 'A Chicago-area college newspaper announced it has launched an "ICE tracker" just days after an illegal immigrant was charged in the murder of 18-year-old Loyola University student\xa0Sheridan Gorman.', 'Protests are expected in some 3,000 cities and towns across the country Saturday against President Donald Trump and his immigration crackdown.', 'Organizers anticipate the largest day of domestic political protest in U.S. history amid a deeply unpopular war and an aggressive immigration crackdown.', 'Kristi Noem was replaced by Markwayne Mullin as DHS secretary and Gregory Bovino was demoted, signally a change in tone even as arrests have continuedThroughout last year, Donald Trump delivered on his signature campaign promise of mass deportation in draconian and theatrical style. Hardline figures such as Kristi Noem, the homeland security secretary, and Gregory Bovino, the border patrol commander, became the face of Trump’s crackdown, defending a strategy of large-scale raids that sent immigration agents flooding into US cities, terrorizing communities and clashing with protesters.Then in...', 'MIRI (March 28): Three Rural Transformation Programme (RTP) projects costing more than RM1 million have been successfully completed in the Bario area, bringing significant improvements to road connectivity and basic infrastructure for residents in this interior part of Sarawak. Deputy Minister in Sarawak Premier&#8217;s Department (Labour, Immigration and Project Monitoring) Datuk Gerawat Gala said that [...]The post Three RTP projects in Bario reach completion, boosting roads, basic infrastructure appeared first on Borneo Post Online.', 'by Elena Vance - House passes its own DHS continuing resolution, setting up clash with Senate and extending shutdown riskWashington — The Senate passed a bill overnight to fund most of the Department of Homeland Security, excluding Immigration and Customs Enforcement and portions of Customs ...', 'The Democrats in the Congress held the line and won. So far, that’s the story of the fight over the shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). They told the Republicans they can have funding for DHS but not Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Or they can have funding for all of DHS, including ICE, but with major reforms to ICE. The Republicans said no to both proposals for weeks, during which time airports nationwide descended into chaos. Employees at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) were working without pay. Over time, they called out sick so much that...', 'Jayapal made the shocking revelation on Friday in front of a panel of "experts" during a hearing she hosted titled "Kidnapped and Disappeared: Trump\'s Attack on Children."', 'DHS announced last summer the plans to repurpose a Nebraska rehabilitation prison as a federal immigration detention center.', 'EL PASO, Texas (KVIA) -- Last week, El Paso Bishop\xa0Mark Seitz\xa0released a pastoral letter on immigration and border security in our region. In it, he specifically addressed mass detention and mass deportations in El Paso, calling them a "grave moral evil." Now, ABC-7 Xtra host\xa0Andrew J. Polk sat down with the local religious leader one-on-one.The post ABC-7 Xtra Sunday &#8211; One-on-One with Bishop Mark Seitz appeared first on KVIA.', 'Otay Mesa Detention facilityCoreCivicOtay Mesa Detention facility sexual assaultNewsLatino Voices\xa0\xa0By Wendy Fry and Nigel Duara, CalMattersPhoto:\xa0 a\xa0CoreCivic vehicle at the Otay Mesa Detention Center. (File photo by Adrian Childress/Times of San Diego)This\xa0story was originally published by\xa0CalMatters.\xa0Sign up\xa0for their newsletters.March 27, 2026 (Otay Mesa) - San Diego County Sheriff’s\xa0officials failed to investigate at least seven reported sexual assaults at the privately run Otay Mesa immigration detention center in 2025, and records show the agency has ceded control of the cases...', "INDIO, Calif. (KESQ) - An undocumented immigrant accused of sexually assaulting a 14-year-old autistic girl lured to his Cathedral City apartment on New Year's Eve pleaded not guilty today to rape of a minor and other offenses. Enrique Bautista Vasquez, 20, was arrested in January following an investigation by the Cathedral City Police Department thatThe post 20-year-old man accused of raping autistic Cathedral City girl arraigned appeared first on KESQ.", 'Dozens of students walked out of Evanston Township High School Friday to protest the war in Iran as well as other moves made by President Donald Trump’s administration, including his mass deportation campaign.Students from the north suburban school carried signs that read “war is costly, peace is priceless” and “Abolish ICE,” a slogan calling for the end of the U.S Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency.They walked to the school’s football field a few blocks away, where about 150 students gathered in the blue and orange stands. Speakers called for peace in Iran and other areas...', 'DETROIT — As the funding crisis at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) continues, the Trump administration began deploying agents from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) on Monday to some of the busiest airports in the country to assist Transportation Security Administration (TSA) staff in managing passenger lines at the start of the spring [&#8230;]The post Trump deploys ICE agents to major U.S. airports amid TSA staffing crisis appeared first on ArabAmericanNews.', 'By Sarah Ferris, Annie Grayer, Lauren Fox, CNN (CNN) &#8212; Speaker Mike Johnson didn’t agree to go along with the late-night decision across the US Capitol in which Senate Majority Leader John Thune agreed to reopen the Department of Homeland Security without funds for immigration and border enforcement. Now, a furious Johnson and his HouseThe post House GOP erupts over Senate’s overnight move to fund pieces of DHS appeared first on KRDO.', 'Southern California is starting to feel the squeeze, and the population numbers prove it. New federal estimates show the Los Angeles and San Diego metro areas are both shrinking, as fewer immigrants arrive and more residents head for the exits. It&#8217;s a sharp reversal for regions that have long depended on a steady flow of...', "In a case that has reignited a bitter national debate over immigration, and has even drawn the attention of President Donald Trump, a Venezuelan immigrant accused of killing a Loyola University Chicago freshman in Rogers Park made his first court appearance Friday.Jose Medina, 25, is accused of hiding at the end of a pier near Tobey Prinz Beach and shooting 18-year-old Sheridan Gorman in the back as she and her friends ran for cover on March 19. Medina appeared in court virtually Friday because he's being treated for tuberculosis in the Cook County Jail's medical unit.In an unusual move, Medina...", "SANTA BARBARA COUNTY, Calif. (KEYT) – A 25-year-old man, recently released from Sheriff's Office custody, was cited for trespassing after jumping a fence into the secure area of the Main Jail while attempting to avoid federal immigration agents Friday morning. On March 27, around 8:34 a.m., a deputy noticed a vehicle blocking the entrance toThe post Carpinteria man cited for trespassing after jumping fence into the Main Jail to avoid ICE agent appeared first on News Channel 3-12.", 'NYC Mayor Zohran Mamdani calls ICE a rogue agency that should be abolished amid scrutiny over the subway killing of a veteran by an alleged illegal immigrant.', '“This plea deal is a disgrace. 6 months in jail for raping a child is a gross miscarriage of justice," Acting Assistant Secretary Lauren Bis told The Post.', 'This week, immigration attorneys had their worst fears confirmed: The U.S. government appears to be specifically targeting Somali nationals seeking asylum.', 'The illegal immigrant accused of murdering Loyola University student Sheridan Gorman is missing a part of his brain and has the "development of a child," his lawyer said.', 'The House could vote, and likely pass, the Senate bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security, but on Friday afternoon, Speaker Mike Johnson (R-La.) made it clear he\'s not going to.Johnson said in a press release that his members won\'t vote on the bill in its current form. He trashed the Senate for accepting a "radical, crazy agenda." The bill fully funds all of DHS except Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Both of those were already heavily funded through the "Big Beautiful Bill" in 2025.But in a fact-check, CNN made it clear, Johnson has...', 'The app includes a link to report tips to Immigration and Customs Enforcement.', "U.S. Vice President JD Vance took aim at Minnesota and Somali immigrants ahead of the first meeting of the administration's anti-fraud task force.", 'Vice President JD Vance said Friday that Rep. Ilhan Omar defrauded the US by allegedly marrying her brother to help him remain legally in the country.', '“We are the future and we need to do something,” Hamden High School sophomore Ned Foley said to a crowd of 100 students protesting U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Friday morning.\xa0The clock hit 10 a.m. and the students walked out of school in protest. The students walked for 1.6 miles — cheering, chanting and signs in hand.\xa0“Say it loud, say it clear, immigrants are welcome here,” the students chanted.By 10:41 a.m., they arrived at the steps of Hamden Memorial Town Hall.\xa0Spearheaded by Foley and senior Charlotte Stover, and with only about a week of preparation, the walkout...', 'CARPINTERIA, Calif. (KEYT) - A Carpinteria videographer is turning the lens on his own community following recent ICE activity. Larry Nimmer is shifting his "Everyone Has a Story" series to focus on immigration experiences in Santa Barbara County. The project includes more than 25 interviews with residents, workers, and advocates. He says the goal isThe post Carpinteria Filmmaker Turns The Camera on Local Immigration Stories appeared first on News Channel 3-12.', 'House conservatives opposed the Senate deal passed early Friday, because it didn’t include funding for immigration enforcement.', 'Exactly two months after Helena officials approved a resolution restricting local police from working with federal immigration enforcement, city commissioners&#8230;', "When President Donald Trump sent U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents to airports on Monday, March 23, his hardcore MAGA allies applauded the move as a way to make things easier for overwhelmed Transportation Security Administration (TSA) workers — who have been working without pay and coping with long airport lines during a partial federal government shutdown. But the presence of ICE agents didn't make those lines any shorter. Airline passenger Will Frampton told MS NOW's Chris Jansing that he showed up five hours early for a flight out of Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson...", 'The deal, which the Senate approved unanimously without a roll call, next goes to the House, which is expected to consider it Friday.', 'The House is considering whether to approve funds to pay Transportation Security Administration agents and most other Homeland Security agencies after the Senate unanimously passed the measure. The deal does not include funding for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, but the package puts no new limits on immigration enforcement, which has remained largely uninterrupted during the shutdown. A possible endgame for the 42-day stalemate emerged early Friday as TSA workers may miss another paycheck. Prior to the Senate bill’s passage, President Donald Trump had said he would sign a separate...', 'The Senate agreed unanimously early Friday to fund the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) after a 40-day shutdown, but without funding for immigration enforcement and deportation operations.The post Senate votes to fund DHS minus ICE and CBP appeared first on KYMA.', 'The House is weighing the next steps on legislation to fund most of the Department of Homeland Security after the Senate sent over legislation to end the budget impasse that has jammed airports, disrupted travel and imposed financial hardship on thousands of federal workers. The Senate early Friday approved the deal without a roll call vote. The House also must approve it before President Donald Trump can sign the bill into law. House Speaker Mike Johnson says he’ll need to meet with his fellow Republicans to determine the best way to proceed. Republicans are angry the entire department was...', 'Jose Medina-Medina, accused of killing Loyola University Chicago student Sheridan Gorman, faces his first court hearing after a tuberculosis delay.', 'It’s no exaggeration to say that ICE detention camps now threaten to become a central instrument of repression under the Trump administration, writes Rebecca Gordon.\xa0 By\xa0Rebecca Gordon TomDispatch.com The March 4, 2026, edition of the Arizona Daily Star put the&#8230;Read more &#8594;', 'The upper chamber early Friday morning unanimously agreed to advance a DHS funding package ending a 42-day shutdown and keeping certain immigration enforcement programs on ice — but without any of the reforms Democrats demanded in the first place.', 'Bipartisan agreement funds most Homeland Security operations, sidestepping ICE and border enforcement as Democrats and Republicans remain at odds.The post Senate approves funding for TSA and most of Homeland Security, but not immigration enforcement appeared first on Boston.com.', 'Some conservative sheriffs have raised concerns about the aggressive enforcement tactics that Gov. Ron DeSantis, a Republican, has embraced.', 'The Senate voted to reopen the Department of Homeland Security for all except immigration enforcement and deportation. It still must pass the House.', 'Cotati is joining a growing list of North Bay cities taking a stand against federal immigration crackdowns. Following a joint meeting this week, city leaders have directed staff to draft resolutions that would prohibit ICE from using', 'The Senate early Friday morning approved Homeland Security funds to pay TSA agents and most other agencies, but not the immigration enforcement operations at the heart of the budget impasse that has jammed airports, disrupted travel and imposed financial hardship on workers.', 'WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate early Friday morning approved Homeland Security funds to pay Transportation Security Administration agents and most other agencies, but not the immigration enforcement operations at the heart of the budget impassethat has jammed airports, disrupted travel and imposed financial hardship on workers. The deal, which the Senate approved unanimously without a roll call, next goes to...', 'Nearly 500 TSA officers have quit during the funding shutdown nationwide.', 'The Senate agreed on a deal that would fund most of the Department of Homeland Security but not the controversial Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency that Democrats are seeking to reform.', 'Carroll’s cooperation agreement and participation means its four full-time police officers are committed to assisting ICE in federal immigration enforcement. They did just that in December when they detained seven people in Twin Mountain for ICE.', 'The Senate early Friday approved a short-term funding deal for the Department of Homeland Security, breaking a weeks-long impasse but leaving out money for key immigration enforcement operations.', 'The Senate early Friday approved Homeland Security funds for Transportation Security Administration and most other agencies, but not the immigration operations at the heart of the budget impasse.', 'Around a dozen students from across the political spectrum debated the Trump administration’s crackdown on immigration at a Wednesday evening discussion, held by a campus group that aims to combat political division. At the event hosted by NYU’s chapter of BridgeUSA, organizers emphasized worsening public perceptions of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, particularly among Republicans....This story Students debate ICE at bipartisan talk appeared first on Washington Square News.', 'A new, all-American biographical show telling the story of a real-life Caribbean immigrant who, through sheer determination and perseverance, secures a position in the U.S. government to try to do some good is playing at The Public Theater. And, no, it’s not “Hamilton.” The play in question is “Public Charge,” an autobiographical history lesson co-written...This story Review: Obama-era international relations are restaged in ‘Public Charge’ appeared first on Washington Square News.', 'WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate early Friday morning approved&#160;Homeland Security&#160;funds to pay Transportation Security Administration agents and most other agencies, but not the immigration enforcement operations at the heart of the&#160;budget impasse&#160;that has&#160;jammed airports, disrupted travel and imposed&#160;financial hardship&#160;on workers. The deal, which the Senate approved unanimously without a roll call, next goes to the [&#8230;]The post Senate approves funding for TSA and most of Homeland Security, but not immigration enforcement appeared first on WTMJ.', 'WASHINGTON — The Senate early Friday morning approved Homeland Security funds to pay Transportation Security Administration agents and most other agencies, but not the immigration enforcement operations at the heart of the budget impasse that has jammed airports, disrupted travel and imposed financial hardship on workers.', 'Tennessee lawmakers are at odds over a bill that would require schools to track and report students&#8217; immigration status. HB0793/SB0836 originally would have allowed \xa0K-12 public schools to refuse undocumented students or charge their families tuition. The Senate passed the measure, but it stalled in the House, until its sponsor, Rep. William Lamberth, R-Portland, amended [&#8230;]', 'by Marcus Sterling - Senate approves funding for most DHS but excludes ICE and parts of CBP; Trump vows order to pay TSA officersWashington — The Senate voted overnight to pass a bill that would fund most of the Department of Homeland Security but exclude Immigration and Customs Enforcement ...', 'Senate approves funding for TSA and most of Homeland Security, but not immigration enforcement', 'Growth rates in U.S. metro areas dropped the steepest last year in communities along the border with Mexico because of declines in immigrants, while counties along Florida&apos;s Gulf Coast lost residents due to a series of hurricanes, according to population estimates released Thursday by the U.S.', 'For 20 years, Tim O’Harrow has asked lawmakers to acknowledge that America’s food supply depends on immigrants. Politics went in the other direction.', 'After a lengthy special meeting Thursday night, the Helena City Commission agreed to rescind a January resolution on immigration enforcement that sparked a legal battle with the state.', 'WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate early Friday morning approved Homeland Security funds to pay Transportation Security Administration agents and most&#8230;', 'European Parliament members have passed a package of stricter immigration rules that paves the way for deporting unsuccessful asylum seekers [&#8230;]', 'Senators worked through the night on the package that would fund much of the rest of the department, including the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Coast Guard, but without funding for Immigration and Customs Enforcement or Customs and Border Protection.', 'Originally Published: 27 MAR 26 02:44 ET By Ted Barrett, Morgan Rimmer, CNN (CNN) — The Senate unanimously moved to fund most of the Department of Homeland Security, except for Immigration and Customs Enforcement and part of Customs and Border Protection, in a rare overnight session. The agreement would fund other DHS components, such asThe post Senate unanimously moves to fund most of DHS, except ICE and border patrol, in rare overnight session appeared first on KVIA.', "A disgraced MAGA ex-lawmaker used an ableist slur on Thursday during the annual CPAC conference to describe people who disagree with President Donald Trump’s immigration agenda.“I come from the wing of the Republican Party that is only loyal to one nation, and that is the United States of America,” Gaetz declared. After describing the long delays at airports, he denounced Democrats and their supporters for backing the ongoing partial government shutdown.“Not paying TSA and our cybersecurity professionals and those protecting America's networks and critical infrastructure — not paying...", 'MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A federal judge on Thursday extended her order requiring that federal authorities give immigrants detained in Minnesota access to attorneys immediately after they are arrested and before they are transferred out of state. U.S. District Judge Nancy Brasel issued a preliminary injunction requiring that U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement must ensure that...', 'President Donald Trump’s Department of Justice appears to be catching his habit of playing loose with the facts. But the problem for his federal attorneys is they’re delivering their bogus info to judges who appear to take issue with it.U.S. District Judge Nancy Brasel wiped DOJ attorneys in a Thursday decision and schooled them on the importance of honesty in research when submitting arguments.As part of “Operation Metro Surge,” Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers arrested thousands of noncitizens transported them to a holding facility, flew them across the country, and...', 'PATTAYA, Thailand – Immigration police from Region 3 raided a luxury villa in Pattaya, Banglamung district, on March 24, uncovering a sophisticated online gambling operation run by 25 Indian nationals. The operation reportedly handled three major gambling websites ending in “777,” with an estimated daily turnover of 5.6 million Indian rupees, roughly 700 million baht [&#8230;]', 'MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A Minneapolis woman who confronted federal immigration officers alongside Alex Pretti in January was among a group of potential litigants who spoke out Thursday about alleged excessive force against people protesting or monitoring the enforcement surge in Minnesota. Georgia Savageford, who introduced herself as Wynnie at a news conference, said she was...', 'Earlier today, the European Parliament approved a set of measures intended to crack down on illegal immigration. Le Monde reports: European lawmakers cleared the way, on Thursday, March 26, for tougher penalties for irregular migrants and their potential deportation to so-called &#8220;return hubs&#8221; outside the bloc. The European Parliament approved the package with support from center-right and far-right groups, in a 389 to 206 vote in Brussels. Some countries opposed', 'The Wall Street Journal has hired Marianne LeVine from the Washington Post to join its White House team. She has been on the Post’s immigration team. Before that, LeVine was a national political reporter focused on the 2024 election. LeVine joined the Post from Politico, where she has worked for more than eight years, serving [&#8230;]', 'By Elizabeth Wolfe, Chris Boyette, CNN (CNN) &#8212; Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents arrived at 14 major US airports four days ago to assist Transportation Security Administration workers as Congress keeps haggling over how to end the partial government shutdown that has driven mounting TSA staffing shortages and the longest security wait times ever. They’veThe post ICE agents take a more active role in airport security, but long lines persist ahead of the weekend traveler rush appeared first on KESQ.', 'BOISE, Idaho (KIFI) — The Idaho Sheriffs’ Association (ISA) is pushing back against what it calls a "deliberate attempt" by out-of-state political forces to resurrect a controversial immigration enforcement bill that died in a Senate committee. The backlash follows reports that Stephen Miller, Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy and Homeland Security Advisor, allegedly contacted', 'Legislators are slated to hear from the public March 31 about their concerns with an immigration operation in South Burlington earlier this month. Read the story on VTDigger here: Vermont lawmakers invite public perspectives on contested immigration raid.', 'Police violence is judged differently depending on who is affected. When people with an immigrant background are targeted, abusive police actions are perceived as less serious. This is the conclusion of a new international study published in Harvard Dataverse.', 'The first thing you notice when you enter Sherman Austin’s Long Beach, California, apartment is the sounds. His cellphone buzzes constantly, mostly notifications requiring his attention from StopICE.net, a crowdsourced nationwide alert system he developed to let users know when federal immigration officers are nearby. Then there are the beeps. Follow them and they’ll lead [&#8230;]', 'U.S. appeals court sides with Trump administration on detaining immigrants without bond', 'Plaintiffs with multiple\xa0immigrant rights groups sued the Trump administration over tactics of arresting immigrants at mandated court hearings.', 'On the heels of a leadership change at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Georgia’s senators are once again emphasizing their concerns with the planned U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) facility in Social Circle.', 'SAN JOSÉ, Costa Rica (AP) — Costa Rica said Thursday that it would accept 25 migrants deported from the United States per week as part of an agreement to help the Trump administration’s latest policy of deporting immigrants to “third countries.&#8221; The Central American nation joins a growing number of countries across Africa and the...', 'The decision follows a similar ruling from the Fifth Circuit earlier this year, and further strips away decades of bond hearings for immigrants lacking permanent legal status.', 'WASHINGTON (AP) — The latest proposal, made by Republican senators, would fund most of DHS but not the immigration enforcement&#8230;', 'More than 50 communities across New Jersey will join over 3,000 locations nationwide on Saturday for the third wave of “No Kings” protests, a coordinated demonstration against the Trump administration’s immigration policies, the ongoing war with Iran, and what organizers describe as a pattern of authoritarian governance. The rallies, scheduled in cities and towns fromContinue reading "New Jersey rallies against Trump tyranny as part of the third No Kings! protests"The post New Jersey rallies against Trump tyranny as part of the third No Kings! protests appeared first on NJTODAY.NET.', 'A Trump administration attorney admitted to a federal judge that it misrepresented an ICE memo to justify arrests at immigration hearings.', 'Negotiations to end funding standoff sparked by Trump administration’s immigration crackdown fail to find a breakthroughSign up for the Breaking News US emailWe are awaiting the start of Donald Trump’s latest cabinet meeting, which was due to start at 10am eastern time. This will be the 11th such session Trump has staged since re-entering the White House in January last year. Previous meetings have been open and freewheeling – as well as newsworthy.The Pentagon is preparing plans for a “final blow” in the war with Iran that could include deploying ground troops and a massive bombing...', 'Rod Blagojevich claims the illegal immigrant accused of killing Sheridan Gorman in Chicago did so as a gang initiation, alleging a political cover-up.', 'In 2024, Springdale-based activist Irvin Camacho co-founded the Alliance for Immigrant Respect and Education, an organization that advocates on behalf of immigrants, educates them on their rights, and reports on ICE activity in Northwest Arkansas.', 'The riders were pulled over by a team of Metropolitan Police officers who cordoned off the area with traffic cones in Wandsworth, South London, yesterday afternoon.', 'Immigrants have filed over 30,000 habeas corpus petitions since Trump took office.', 'The backlash to my new book, Suicide of a Nation: Immigration, Islam, Identity, has been nothing short of frenzied. The book has come under a wave of extraordinary criticism from the Left.', 'The backlash to my new book, Suicide of a Nation: Immigration, Islam, Identity, has been nothing short of frenzied. The book has come under a wave of extraordinary criticism from the Left.', 'The Trump administration acknowledged in a court filing that it relied on the wrong policy to justify arrests of immigrants at courthouses, undercutting a key defense in an ongoing legal challenge to the tactic.', 'The law, which requires officers to present identification before detaining someone, comes as some federal agents have sought to hide their identities during immigration raids in communities across the country.', 'Imagine you are a Chinese immigrant who has just moved to the United States, hoping for a better future for you and your family. However, under Trump’s strict immigration policies and the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) racially profiling people and detaining them before checking their documents, it is difficult to find a job. While...', 'The U.S. can continue to detain immigrants without bond, an appeals court ruled on Wednesday, handing a victory to the Trump administration&#8217;s crackdown on immigration. The opinion from a panel of the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a lower court ruling that required that a native of Mexico arrested for lacking...', 'Newly released census data shows that from June 2024 to July 2025, the number of new residents who were international immigrants dropped by 70 percent compared to a year before.', 'Large urban counties and the border were the most affected. And in three-quarters of U.S. counties, population growth either slowed or turned negative.', 'An illegal immigrant accused of groping female students at Fairfax High School in Virginia was served with four more counts after additional victims came forward.', 'Lawmakers from Maryland’s legislative caucuses gathered March 24 in Annapolis to advance shared priorities as the session nears its end, highlighting bills on youth justice, LGBTQ+ rights, immigrant protections, and educational equity. Unity and collaboration remain central to their push for measurable results before Sine Die.The post Caucuses push priority legislation in Maryland appeared first on AFRO American Newspapers.', 'The council also voted to approve a measure that could prevent federal agents from using public spaces to stage immigration enforcement actions.', 'Despite President Trump’s pledge to send Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers to airports amid a Department of Homeland Security shutdown, an official at Boston Logan International Airport said Sunday ICE agents have yet to be deployed to Logan, while Transportation Security Administration agents have continued to work without pay.\xa0 Mike Gayzagian, the president of a...', 'A federal judge enjoined House Bill 4156 after finding it was likely preempted by federal statutes.', 'LAS CRUCES, New Mexico (KVIA) -- Students at New Mexico State University formed a new coalition demanding the school cut ties with federal immigration agencies and adopt stronger protections for students, staff and faculty. The coalition includes Students for Justice in Palestine, the NMSU Dream Team and the Graduate Student Workers Union. Organizers say theyThe post NMSU students form coalition demanding limits on ICE, CBP presence on campus appeared first on KVIA.', 'State lawmakers are taking steps to, in the future, keep immigration detention centers out of communities. Under a bill that moved out of an Illinois House committee Wednesday, new immigration detention centers would be prohibited within 1,500 feet of schools, churches, day care centers, cemeteries, public parks, forest preserves, private residences and public housing. Testifying in support of the legislation was House Speaker Emanuel “Chris” Welch and Broadview Mayor Katrina Thompson, both of whom represent the Broadview area, where a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement processing...', 'New submitter haroldbasset writes: Canada\'s Immigration Department rejected an applicant because the duties of her current job did not match the Canadian work experience she had claimed, but the Department\'s AI assistant had invented that work experience. She has been working in Canada as a health scientist -- she has a Ph.D. in the immunology of aging -- but the AI genius instead described her as "wiring and assembling control circuits, building control and robot panels, programming and troubleshooting." "It\'s believed to be the first time that the department explicitly referred to the use of...', "Legal eagles were baffled by the slap-on-the-wrist plea deal the Manhattan DA's Office struck with Nicol Alexandra Contreras-Suarez in the vicious 2025 assault of a 14-year-old boy.", "The U.S. House has approved a GOP bill to create a federal commission that seeks to build on President Donald Trump's desire to fight crime in D.C., step up immigration enforcement and beautify the nation's capital.", 'Federal prosecutors claimed a 2025 ICE memo justified the agency’s arrests at immigration courts — they profusely apologized this week after realizing it did not.', 'When members of Peninsula Temple Beth El in San Mateo wanted to take a stand against the federal government’s crackdown on undocumented immigrants, they contacted local nonprofits already working on [&#8230;]', 'Airport travel across the U.S. faced mounting disruptions as long TSA lines and staffing shortages intensified during the Homeland Security funding standoff. Senators rushed to finalize a deal that would restore funding for most of the department—especially unpaid airport workers—while leaving out key immigration enforcement operations that remain at the center of partisan conflict.The post Airport disruptions abound as senators chase deal to end Homeland Security budget standoff appeared first on AFRO American Newspapers.', 'Courts are weighing whether the administration can hold undocumented immigrants without bond, an issue that may be resolved by the Supreme Court.', 'The Eighth Circuit ruled illegal immigrants detained by ICE are not entitled to bond hearings, a win AG Bondi called a massive court victory.', 'Nearly every real estate practitioner interviewed for NAHREP’s report said immigration enforcement fears impacted their Hispanic clients.', 'Lawmakers and community members rallied in Annapolis, Md., for We Are Casa’s Black Lobby Day, urging the state legislature to pass bills limiting federal immigration enforcement and ensuring humane standards for immigrant detention facilities.The post Lawmakers, community members rally in Maryland for immigrant protections appeared first on AFRO American Newspapers.', 'Mayor Brandon Johnson and city officials unveiled Wednesday the “Abolish ICE” snowplow, the winner of this year’s snowplow naming contest, which drew a record number of submissions.The mayor said the winning snowplow name is a message to the federal government that U.S Immigration and Customs Enforcement isn’t welcome in Chicago.But the unveiling in West Town came as Chicago has again become a focal point of America’s debate over immigration policies following last week’s fatal shooting of an 18-year-old college student.Loyola University Chicago freshman Sheridan Gorman was shot and...', 'Pittsburgh City Council looks to finalize NFL Draft security plan, including prohibiting immigration enforcement by outside agencies', '“Workers are fighting to be able to afford the same food that they produce for the rest of the country, to be able to buy beef at the grocery store and not have to buy Top Ramen.”', 'President Donald Trump has taken a hard-line stance on immigration and the U.S. has deported around 300 migrants to countries they have no ties with under the third-country program', 'Second US appeals court upholds Trump’s immigration detention policy', 'President Donald Trump\'s potential plan to deploy his own personal army could be doomed to fail, with one CNN reporter revealing that numerous experts have said it "would not hold up in court."Trump\'s MAGA allies have recently suggested that his decision to deploy federal immigration agents to airports dealing with TSA staffing shortages is a trial run for deploying the same agents to polling places during midterm voting in November. Steve Bannon, the one-time adviser to the president and prominent MAGA advocate, has made such suggestions frequently, claiming that the federal agents would be...', 'BOSTON — A federal court in Massachusetts denied a putative class’s motion for n emergency order preventing the Trump administration from responding to people observing and recording immigration enforcement actions by collecting, maintaining or disseminating their biometric and personal data or otherwise retaliating against them for exercising their First Amendment rights. “The scope of relief that [the class representatives] seek at this stage is too broad and too vague and likely unenforceable.”', 'In a shocking moment, Rep. Julie Johnson (D-Texas) appeared to accuse Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers of carrying out "terrorist attacks within the US."', 'For more than 15 years, the lower-level Richland Center food court on Wentworth Avenue near Archer Avenue in Chinatown has been a hub for regional Chinese cuisine and a launchpad for immigrants seeking to establish businesses. The renowned Qing Xiang Yuan Dumplings got its start from the basement, as did the dearly departed Lao Pi [&#8230;]The post Tenants at Chinatown’s storied Richland Center food court brace for potential rent increases appeared first on Chicago Reader.', 'A DHS document finds a “mass influx of aliens” at the same time the White House has touted the president’s “historic” border success.', 'The House speaker said Democrats’ demands to reform ICE were “crazy” and poured cold water on the idea of splitting off some immigration enforcement activities from a broader homeland security funding bill.', "On March 24, a short airport sighting of BLACKPINK's Jennie, posted by X-account @iri_musk, sparked chatter online.", 'Months after President Donald Trump ended a pummeling deportation blitz in Chicago, the city and its “sanctuary” policies have been thrust back into the national spotlight following the fatal shooting of an 18-year-old Loyola University student.', "As travel disruptions deepen and senators race to clinch a proposal to end the Homeland Security shutdown, House lawmakers will hold a hearing to discuss the impacts of the funding lapse. Meanwhile, Senators are chasing a deal that would fund much of the department, including Transportation Security Administration workers going without pay, but exclude immigration operations that have been core to the dispute. Acting TSA administrator Ha Nguyen McNeill is expected to tell lawmakers at Wednesday's hearing of the personal toll the shutdown has had on TSA workers who “are running out of options...", 'On Friday, March 20, a woman identified as "Linda from Arizona" called into a right-wing radio program, "The Clay Travis and Buck Sexton Show," with a suggestion: sending U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents to airports. President Donald Trump later did exactly that, and his supporters praised the move as a way to help U.S. Transportation Security Administration (TSA) workers who are feeling overwhelmed as a partial shutdown of the federal government drags on.Linda\'s main concern, however, wasn\'t helping TSA employees, but upsetting liberals and progressives. Linda told the...', 'CANBERRA &#8211; Australia has put temporary ban on the visit visa of Iranian citizens, citing concerns over immigration compliance amid…', "Reform of 'indefinite leave to remain' will face immediate legal action as soon as they are unveiled in detail.", 'Delaware’s House of Representatives has passed a bill that would prevent civil arrests—such as those related to immigration enforcement—from taking place in courthouses or certain labor hearing offices unless law enforcement has a judicial warrant or gives proper notice. Supporters say the goal is to ensure people feel safe showing up for court proceedings, whether they’re defendants, witnesses, or observers, and to keep the justice system running smoothly. The bill would not apply to criminal arrests and still allows civil arrests with a judge’s approval. The measure, HB 150, now...', 'Chiemelie Ezeobi&#160; The Nigerian Navy Ship BEECROFT of the&#160;Nigerian Navy has handed over two suspected stowaways to the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) following their rescue from a merchant vessel off', 'Two Minnesota-based legal groups accused the Justice Department of unconstitutionally expediting Somalis’ immigration cases, undermining their right to a fair legal process.', 'The smell of homemade dumplings drifted through Tracey Li’s cozy kitchen in California, a reminder of the life she left behind in China. Li, a Chinese mother of two daughters, immigrated to the U.S. from Guangzhou at the age of 23 and has lived here for over 30 years. Before immigrating, though, she led a...', 'When Meisha Porter, the former leader of New York City’s school system, withdrew her name from consideration to become the CEO of Chicago Public Schools last week, the district suddenly found itself with just two candidates for the job.One of them is Macquline King, who has been serving as CPS’ interim leader since June. The former CPS principal did not make the cut to be a finalist back in the fall. But some board members have recently warmed up to her, citing how she’s handled contentious issues, such as the budget process and responding to aggressive immigration enforcement that...', 'Candidates for next year’s Boston University Student Government debated each other on Monday, where they discussed issues regarding immigration, administrative accountability and student resources.The candidates represented the three slates running for election this year: AspireToBU, REPBU and United Front For Change. The presidential candidate and the vice presidential candidate from each slate answered pre-prepared and audience questions.', 'PATTAYA, Thailand – Chonburi immigration authorities have intensified enforcement against illegal foreign workers in Pattaya and surrounding areas, arresting 146 individuals and revoking 250 visas in a sweeping operation aimed at protecting Thai jobs. The crackdown, led by Police Major General Songprod Sirisukha, Commander of Immigration Division 3, and his senior team, focused on Pattaya [&#8230;]', 'Our system is still bringing in people faster than we can absorb them.', 'Federal immigration enforcement agents will need a judicial warrant before stepping into the nonpublic areas of Montgomery County buildings under a law passed Tuesday by the Montgomery County Council.', "Former 'commander-at-large' says he wanted 'total border domination’ in interview with The New York Times", 'Months after President Donald Trump ended a pummeling deportation blitz in Chicago, the city and its “sanctuary” policies have been thrust back into the national spotlight following the fatal shooting of an 18-year-old college student.As loved ones and fellow Loyola University Chicago students mourn freshman Sheridan Gorman, her death has become a rallying cry for politicians demanding stricter immigration enforcement. The alleged gunman, Jose G. Medina, is a Venezuelan immigrant.Trump said Gorman’s killing was “devastating” and placed blame on the “open door policy” of his...', 'School districts in major cities like Los Angeles and Miami are taking steps to reassure families and protect students amid heightened fears of federal immigration enforcement operations near schools and bus stops. The Trump administration last year rescinded a 2021 Department of Homeland Security memorandum\xa0that recognized schools along with churches and healthcare facilities as safe [&#8230;]The post Immigration Enforcement Fears Addressed at School Bus Stops with Increased Resources appeared first on School Transportation News.', 'Berardi Immigration Law Managing Partner Rosanna Berardi answers questions about the role of ICE agents in U.S. airports.', 'The labor group Unite Here Local 11 is urging hotels, stadiums and airport-area businesses not to host federal immigration agents on their properties during the global tournament.', 'Nicol Alexandra Contreras-Suarez, an illegal immigrant and trans woman, will get just six months in jail for raping a teenager.', 'Take a second to think about your favorite foods. Burgers? Hot dogs? Fries? These foods feel as American as it gets, like they’ve always been part of the culture.\xa0But here’s the thing. They didn’t actually start here.During a time when immigration is one of the most debated and polarizing issues in the U.S., with headlines about deportation, border control and ICE, people need to start understanding that much of our everyday life and culture is shaped by immigrants.Food is one of the clearest, most universal examples of that influence. In fact, many of the foods people associate with the...', "Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson was asked about the\xa0city's immigration policies after Loyola University student Sheridan Gorman, 18, was allegedly killed by a 25-year-old Venezuelan illegal immigrant Jose Medina.", 'President Donald Trump’s supporters, comprising anywhere from the low 30s to the low 40s of the American electorate, will not waver because there is no “Trumpism” — only worship of a personality.“I would argue it’s more of a pugnacious attitude with a handful of immovable north stars (immigration enforcement, tariffs, disregard for multilateralism) and every other policy decision negotiable — up to and including the federal government taking an ownership stake and some degree of control over private companies,” conservative columnist Jim Geraghty wrote for The Washington Post on...', "A US Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (ICE) stands watch at a security checkpoint at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, on March 23, 2026. Immigration agents will be deployed in US airports beginning Monday, aiming to alleviate soaring congestion at security screenings amid a weeks-long budget standoff over President Donald Trump's mass deportation drive, officials said. (Photo by CHARLY TRIBALLEAU / AFP via Getty Images) | AFP via Getty Images I arrived at John F. Kennedy International Airport nearly five hours before my domestic flight. This is not my way - usually I roll...", 'Republicans have sent Democrats a potential compromise to reopen the shuttered Homeland Security Department, but so far details are scarce — and Democratic leaders still seek significant reforms to immigration enforcement.', "The Supreme Court grappled Tuesday with an immigration policy that has been used to turn back migrants seeking asylum at the U.S.-Mexico border and whether the Trump administration should be able to revive it. Some conservative justices seemed receptive to the Justice Department's push to overturn a ruling against the practice known as metering. Immigration authorities said they limited the number of people who could apply for asylum to handle an increase in migrants at the border. Advocates say the policy created a humanitarian crisis during President Donald Trump’s first term as people who...", "Some conservative justices seemed receptive to the Justice Department's push to overturn a lower-court ruling against the practice known as metering. The post Supreme Court considers letting Trump administration revive restrictive immigration asylum policy appeared first on Boston.com.", 'The high court seemed ready to revive immigration agents’ practice of physically blocking migrants from seeking asylum at the border, whether or not the Trump administration intends to use it.', 'The federal government has refused to provide even basic information about the three shootings during an immigration crackdown in Minneapolis, including two that were fatal.', 'Supreme Court considers letting Trump administration revive restrictive immigration asylum policy', 'WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court grappled Tuesday with whether the Trump administration should be able to revive an immigration&#8230;', 'President Donald Trump is willing to accept a Homeland Security funding plan that excludes funds for Immigration and Customs Enforcement.', 'Top White House advisor Stephen Miller, the longtime architect of Donald Trump’s anti-immigration policies, asked Texas Republicans last week in a closed-door meeting to kick undocumented children out of public schools, according to reporting from the New York Times.&#160; It’s an escalation in the right&#8217;s push to restrict public education to children who can prove [&#8230;]', 'Mullin, known as an ally of U.S. President Donald Trump and as a fiery personality, inherits an agency facing backlash over its immigration policy.', 'A Philadelphia cop bailed his brother, 27-year-old illegal-alien Jamaican thug Christopher Leon Bailey, out of jail after the brother road-raged and attempted to murder another motorist, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) has reported. Last week, ICE collared Bailey. Before his brother, an immigration judge was involved in keeping Bailey on the streets when he freed ...The post ICE Arrests Illegal Alien Charged With Attempted Murder After His Brother, a Philly Cop, Bailed Him Out appeared first on The New American.', 'The Department of Homeland Security has been shut down since February over Democratic concerns about its immigration enforcement policies.', 'International immigration to Canada is slowing but newcomers still helped six Atlantic cities grow more than the national average last year.\xa0', 'A deal proposed by Senate Democrats and some Republicans to fund DHS except for Immigration and Customs Enforcement was rejected by President Donald Trump on Sunday. Trump then directed up to 150 ICE agents to be deployed at airports across the nation beginning on Monday (March 23). In a post on his Truth Social media [&#8230;]', 'HEART MOUNTAIN WYOMING FOUNDATION At the outset of World War II, the U.S. government hastily constructed vast camps across the country to incarcerate, without any due process, more than 125,000 U.S. citizens and aliens of Japanese descent. In 1988, Congress passed a law signed by Ronald Reagan that apologized for the unwarranted hardship, trauma and [&#8230;]', 'According to a new report from the Libertarian think tank the Cato Institute, the Trump administration has presided over what researcher Austin Kocher called “the largest fee fraud in the history of the American immigration system,” collecting over $1 billion in application fees before refusing to process the applications. The situation is a direct result of the various travel bans and other anti-immigrant policies enacted by President Donald Trump over both his terms. Immigrant visa applications cost thousands of dollars, and by law, the government is required to take action on an...', 'Next week, the Trump administration’s bid to deny birthright citizenship to the US-born children of undocumented immigrants and non-green card holders through an executive order will arrive at the Supreme Court—yet again. Last year, the justices didn’t address the constitutionality of the order directly; instead, they ruled on a procedural question to limit the power [&#8230;]', 'He was the face of the Trump administration’s immigration crackdown. But as he begins a retirement that was not entirely voluntary, the Border Patrol leader says he did not go far enough.', 'U.S. President Donald Trump took the extraordinary step over the weekend of ordering Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers to provide airport security.', 'Gregory Bovino, a key architect of the Trump administration’s aggressive immigration crackdowns, is unapologetic about his approach, saying in a new interview that he wishes he had gone even further.', "The country's centre-right government, supported by the anti-immigration Sweden Democrats , came into power in 2022 and vowed to get tough on immigration.", 'The Trump administration has ramped up enforcement against immigrant service members and their families in its wider crackdown.', 'BREWSTER &#8211; November 29, 1895 was one of the darkest days in Putnam County history when tragedy struck outside the Village of Brewster. The Tilly Foster Mine Disaster claimed the lives of a group of hard-working immigrant miners, many of them Italian, who came to this country in search of opportunity, but instead met an [&#8230;]', 'There is no good reason to disrupt airport security over an immigration policy dispute.', 'Activist judges have been defying the Trump administration and making temporary protected status all but permanent.', 'Citing gridlock in Washington, President Trump’s top immigration adviser encouraged Texas lawmakers to lead on conservative priorities.', 'The Senate on Monday confirmed Oklahoma Sen. Markwayne Mullin as Homeland Security secretary in a 54-45 vote, largely along party lines. Democrats John Fetterman and Martin Heinrich supported the nomination, while Republican Rand Paul opposed it. Mullin, appointed by Donald Trump, replaces former DHS Secretary Kristi Noem following criticism of her tenure. He takes over the agency during an ongoing shutdown tied to a funding standoff over immigration policy.', 'By DAVID A. LIEB Associated Press SACRAMENTO — Proposals to prohibit federal immigration agents from masking their faces have gained new life in states – thanks in part to a court ruling that blocked the nation&#8217;s first such law, in California. A little over a month after the California law was suspended, Washington state&#8217;s Democratic &#8230;', 'By Joe W. Bowers Jr. Contributing Writer LOS ANGELES — A town hall meeting on immigration took on broader urgency as speakers warned that encounters with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents are not limited to immigrants and can also affect African Americans, underscoring shared concerns across Black communities. The Black Migrant Town Hall, convened &#8230;', 'President Trump has increasingly used Immigration and Customs Enforcement to push personal and political objectives, and on Monday sent agents to airports across the country to help deal with long security lines.', 'A closed‑door roundtable discussion in Hagerstown, Maryland, drew out strong concerns Monday over the federal government’s plan to convert a warehouse near Williamsport into a large immigration processing facility.', 'Mullin was nominated to replace Secretary of Homeland Security Kristi Noem. By Luke Barr March 23, 2026, 6:30 PM The Senate on Monday confirmed Sen. Markwayne Mullin to replace Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem. The vote came amid backlash over the immigration crackdown and deportations under DHS as well as the ongoing partialThe post Senate confirms Sen. Markwayne Mullin as DHS secretary appeared first on KVIA.', 'EL PASO, Texas (KVIA)-- While El Paso is not among the initial airports slated to receive Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents, travelers passing through other major hubs say they are already seeing a federal presence, and reactions are mixed. Rachael Wilson said she encountered ICE agents while traveling through George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston,The post ICE at airports draws mixed reaction appeared first on KVIA.', 'Chief Justice Patricia Guerrero used her annual State of the Judiciary to highlight immigration enforcement at courthouses and attacks against judges.', "New research finds the addition of a thousand new immigrants in a metropolitan area reduces elderly mortality by about 10 deaths than would be typical. Why? Because among the newcomers are foreign-born health care workers who are arriving amid a critical nationwide shortage, according to the study's authors, who hail from Harvard Medical School, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the University of Rochester.", 'Originally from B.C., Tania Warner and her seven-year-old daughter Ayla, have been in U.S. immigration detention since they were stopped by border agents in Texas on March 14.', 'A new appeal comes after the Merit Systems Protection Board asserted that DOJ’s firings of two immigration judges in 2025 were constitutionally permissible.', 'The rise of Reform as a disruptive force in British politics was initially dismissed as peripheral agitation—loud, certainly, but electorally marginal. Yet such dismissals misunderstood the nature of political influence.The post The opposition in all but name: How Reform UK is governing by proxy on immigration appeared first on Nehanda Radio.', 'An immigration judge greenlit Rafael Rubio’s deportation last week, according to New York City Council Speaker Julie Menin.\xa0', 'The Santa Rosa City Council meets tomorrow at 4:00 p.m. to consider a new ordinance barring federal immigration authorities from using city spaces for enforcement. The Press Democrat reports building on existing state laws, the proposal would', 'Armed federal immigration officers in tactical gear\xa0moved through terminals\xa0at some of the busiest U.S. airports Monday, standing near security linesThe post ICE officers go to TSA checkpoints at Trump&#8217;s direction, while long wait times at airports persist appeared first on The Business Journal.', 'President claims immigration agents could help manage long lines as TSA agents go unpaid during partial shutdown Pilot and co-pilot killed after jet collision at LaGuardiaUS politics live – latest updatesSecurity lines stretched for hours on Monday at US airports where unpaid Transportation Safety Administration (TSA) screening agents refused to report for duty and ICE agents deployed by Donald Trump were reportedly seen in a dozen cities.The president claimed over the weekend that immigration agents could help manage long lines, but in Atlanta, little immediate impact of their presence could...', 'Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers have been deployed to select airports across the country, where they are meant to help mitigate long lines fueled by staffing shortfalls caused…', 'Heather Gilchrist, a midwife from the United Kingdom who moved to practice in Canada, could possibly be deported back home over an English language test error on her immigration application.', 'Chicago Alderwoman Maria Hadden faces fierce backlash after suggesting slain Loyola student Sheridan Gorman was in the wrong place at the wrong time.', 'The Japanese American National Museum (JANM) denounces plans of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to purchase warehouses across the country and convert them into large-scale immigrant detention centers that could hold thousands of people at a time while they await court dates or deportation. There are about 70,000 people detained by ICE in [&#8230;]', 'While routine funding that is used to pay TSA agents has lapsed, ICE and other immigration enforcement operations are funded, with personnel receiving paychecks thanks to Trump’s Big Beautiful Bill.', '*Senate Majority Leader John Thune recently discussed a potential solution with President Donald Trump to reopen the Department of Homeland Security while keeping Immigration and Customs Enforcement funding separate. NBC News reports that the proposal would provide resources for all DHS components except ICE, which Democrats have resisted without new restrictions on immigration enforcement. White [&#8230;]The post Trump Rejects Proposal to Reopen DHS Without ICE Funding appeared first on EURweb | Black News, Culture, Entertainment & More.', 'Airport security workers missed work Monday at the highest rate since a partial government shutdown began in mid-February, the Department of Homeland Security said, and the Trump administration sent immigration officials to some airports in an attempt to keep lines moving. Travelers reported hourslong security lines at major airports in Atlanta and Houston, while waits [&#8230;]', 'Only 100 or so people are currently detained in the federal government&#8217;s controversy-plagued family detention center at Dilley, nonprofit news outlet ProPublica reports. That compares to an average daily population of more than 900 in January. The Current first reported on a sharp drop in the immigrant prison camp&#8217;s population on March 10, when U.S. [&#8230;]The post Population of controversial Dilley prison camp near San Antonio drops to just 100 appeared first on San Antonio Current.', 'Today, videos and images of ICE agents at airports are popping up all over the internet, the result of President Donald Trump’s promise to send federal immigration agents to support security efforts. With TSA agents working without pay until Congress agrees on a funding bill, many are calling in sick or quitting altogether, causing security wait times as long as four hours at some airports. While debates are raging as to the value of Trump’s decision, it seems we may know where he got the controversial idea in the first place: Fox News.According to the Facebook page of the Fox radio show...', 'An agent for the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) has some advice for federal agents stepping in to "help" with airport security. Cameron Cochems, TSA Lead Transportation Security Officer and AFGE Local 1127 regional representative, told CNN that if Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) truly wanted to help the airport agents, then they should "buy us lunch." Speaking with Boris Sanchez on Monday afternoon, Cochems explained that many officers have no choice but to call out because they can\'t afford childcare. So, Trump\'s promise of a $10,000 bonus may not necessarily be an...', "A former top American official in Cuba discusses whether President Trump's pressure campaign on Havana could lead to the collapse of the country's communist leadership. Ambassador Jeffrey DeLaurentis, who was charge d'affaires ad interim at the U.S. Embassy in Havana from 2015 to 2017, joins us.\xa0Then, the war with Iran is costing the U.S. tens of billions of dollars as it enters its fourth week. The Harvard Kennedy School's Linda Bilmes joins us to discuss the long-term economic costs.\xa0And, after 24 years as an immigration officer with the Department of Homeland Security, Eric O’Denius is...", '"It seems like the current administration\'s efforts have been more almost about cruelty than they have about actually establishing an immigration system that makes sense to this country," said Ugai, 39, who is a Democrat.', '*WASHINGTON\xa0— In response to President Trump’s threat to send Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents to airports to help with long security lines caused by Congress’ refusal to pass a measure that would pay Transportation Security Administration (TSA) employees, Everett Kelley, National President of the American Federation of Government Employees (AFGE), the exclusive union representative [&#8230;]The post AFGE President Everett Kelley Blasts Trump Plan to Put ICE at Airport Checkpoints appeared first on EURweb | Black News, Culture, Entertainment & More.', 'Democrats are quietly celebrating President Donald Trump\'s decision to deploy federal immigration agents to airports amid TSA staffing shortages, with reporter Rachael Bade citing several sources who said the panicked shows that he is desperate and in for a "rude awakening."TSA agents have been working without pay for weeks now amid an ongoing shutdown at the Department of Homeland Security, with Democrats refusing to go along with a funding bill without measures to rein in ICE and CBP agents. The party has put forward measures to independently fund the TSA as staffing shortages have led to...', 'Local immigration attorney Esther Valdes Clayton joined "Good Morning San Diego" Monday to discuss President Donald Trump\'s plan to add ICE agents at 14 airports around the country.', 'As President Donald Trump used the “devastating” killing of Loyola University Chicago student Sheridan Gorman to justify his push for mass deportations on Monday, the alleged gunman remained hospitalized and was expected to miss his initial court hearing later in the day.Jose G. Medina, a Venezuelan immigrant, was charged with first-degree murder, attempted murder, aggravated discharge of a firearm, and illegal gun possession in connection to the March 19 attack near Tobey Prinz Beach, Cook County court records show.Trump told reporters Monday that he had been briefed on Gorman’s killing...', 'President Donald Trump on Monday championed the idea of deploying Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents along with other federal agents to airports. He compared himself to the inventor of the paper clipDemocrats have proposed legislation that would specifically fund TSA while the negotiations are ongoing. Republicans have refused. Trump told reporters Monday that he told Republicans they can\'t support any Democratic proposal unless they also agree to pass his voting restrictions bill. NBC News confirmed that Trump shut down the deal. "ICE thug thought bubble: \'Hey we\'re getting paid...', "WASHINGTON — The Senate is on track to confirm Markwayne Mullin as homeland security secretary, President Trump’s nominee to take over the embattled department after firing Kristi Noem amid a public backlash over the administration's immigration enforcement and mass deportation operations.", 'The Trump administration sent ICE to airports to help deal with the issue that, at its core, was caused by ICE at the behest of the Trump administration.', '(NBC)- Beginning Monday, travelers at airports across the country may notice a new presence in security lines — agents in a different uniform. The Trump administration has announced that Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents will begin assisting the Transportation Security Administration as airports deal with growing delays and staffing shortages. At airports like Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, travelers say the...', "U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers were present at O'Hare International Airport Monday, after the Trump administration said agents would be deployed to airports nationwide to help amid the ongoing partial government shutdown.At least three agents in ICE gear were seen at Terminal 3 around 10 a.m. Monday morning.A day after saying he would use immigration officers for airport security starting Monday unless Democrats agreed on a bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security, Trump made clear Sunday that he was going ahead with the plan to assist the Transportation Security...", 'Federal immigration officers have arrived at U.S. airports, fulfilling President Donald Trump&#8217;s pledge to deploy them to help the Transportation&#8230;', 'About 40 people taken to hospital after Air Canada Express crash, some with serious injuries; ICE agents seen at several US airports amid partial DHS shutdownPilots killed after Air Canada jet collision at LaGuardia New YorkTSA lines stretch for hours as Trump deploys ICE agents to US airportsSign up for the Breaking News US emailDonald Trump has said ICE agents did not need to wear masks when deployed at airports.ICE has repeatedly faced criticism for its agents hiding their faces during immigration raids. State officials across the US have said the face coverings add to a climate of fear in...', 'by Elena Vance - Trump to Deploy ICE Officers to U.S. Airports to Support TSA Amid DHS Shutdown Staffing ShortagesWashington, D.C. — President Trump announced that U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers will be sent to U.S. airports starting Monday to assist the Transportation ...', 'There is no war in American cities, but masked men shrouded in anonymity, carrying battle weapons and decked out in combat gear, have been hunting down immigrants across the country for nearly a year. In the process, they&#8217;ve shot and killed US citizens and terrorized immigrant families. Their tunnel vision of violence has helped the [&#8230;]', "The Trump administration has deployed ICE agents to over a dozen U.S. airports amid an ongoing federal shutdown that's causing long wait times. Eyewitnesses have already recorded at least one arrest in San Francisco's airport.", 'As delays mount at airports across the country, President Trump has sent Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to aid Transportation Security Administration officers in keeping the long lines moving amid the partial government shutdown. Check&hellip;', 'Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents have deployed to several airports as Senate Democrats continue to withhold funding from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). ICE was deployed Saturday to assist Transportation Security Administration (TSA) officers amid a nationwide airport crisis, as the partial government shutdown left TSA officers without pay and suspended their &#8220;nonessential [&#8230;]', 'Liverpool City Council warned against associating foreign cultures with attacks on women and girls.', 'Liverpool City Council warned against associating foreign cultures with attacks on women and girls.', 'Clergy members will now be allowed in to give spiritual care to those being detained at an Immigration and Customs Enforcement processing facility in the Twin Cities area.', 'Federal immigration agents seen at Atlanta airport after Trump order amid during partial shutdown', 'Interfaith clergy, immigrant rights advocates, and a former prisoner of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) gathered at Evanston’s Sherman Plaza on Friday to announce their opposition to Chicago-based real estate investment trust Highlands Real Estate Investment Trust’s plan to lease a vacant jail near Denver to the federal government for immigration detention.&#160; “Our message [&#8230;]The post Evanston faith leaders denounce Chicago real estate firm for contracting with ICE appeared first on Chicago Reader.', 'President Trump’s push to send federal immigration agents to U.S. airports during an ongoing Department of Homeland Security funding lapse is drawing bipartisan concern, with critics warning it could heighten tensions as travelers face long delays and security workers go unpaid.', 'Migration numbers might be slightly down, but immigration screening and border security remains in ruins', 'WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate is on track to confirm Markwayne Mullin as homeland security secretary, President Donald Trump&#8217;s nominee to take over the embattled department after firing Kristi Noem amid a public backlash over the administration&#8217;s immigration enforcement and mass deportation operations. Mullin, a Republican senator from Oklahoma known for his close friendship with...', 'Assemblyman Matt Slater called this country’s immigration system “broken” after a 25-year-old Venezuelan migrant was arrested this weekend in connection with the murder of a Yorktown Heights college student in Chicago this week. Sheridan Gorman, an 18‑year‑old freshman at Loyola University Chicago, was shot and killed at about 1:30 a.m. on Thursday while out with [&#8230;]', 'As immigrant detentions and self-deportations soar, animal welfare groups in cities like New Orleans scramble to feed, foster and re-home the pets left behind.', "President Donald Trump's border czar Tom Homan has confirmed that Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents will be deployed to U.S. airports starting Monday, despite strong opposition from unions and Democrats.", 'WASHINGTON (AP) — Most Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians and Pacific Islanders believe President Donald Trump has done more harm than good on the issue of immigration and border security in his second term so far, according to a new AAPI Data/AP-NORC poll. About 6 in 10 AAPI adults say Trump has hurt immigration and border...', 'Donald Trump made clear he was going ahead with plan to have officers assist Transportation Security Administration', 'MIRI (March 23): This year&#8217;s Hari Raya Aidilfitri celebration was particularly meaningful for the Muslim community in Kampung Seberang Lubok Nibong, Marudi, as they marked the festive occasion with the long-awaited arrival of electricity after more than 40 years. Deputy Minister in the Sarawak Premier&#8217;s Department (Labour, Immigration and Project Monitoring) Datuk Gerawat Gala said [...]The post Electricity reaches Marudi&#8217;s Kpg Seberang Lubok Nibong after over 40 years appeared first on Borneo Post Online.', 'Federal immigration authorities lodged an arrest detainer Sunday urging city and state officials not to release a person of interest who is being questioned in the fatal shooting of Loyola University Chicago student Sheridan Gorman. The Department of Homeland Security said U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement issued the detainer for the suspect they identified as a Venezuelan migrant. The Sun-Times is not naming the suspect because charges had not yet been filed as of Sunday afternoon, according to Chicago police.DHS officials said the suspect was taken into custody by U.S. Border Patrol on...', 'Surprise! Just one day before Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents are supposed to be deployed to airports around the country to help reduce long lines caused by the partial government shutdown and spring break crowds, the Trump administration appears to have no coherent plan for what they will do.&#160; Following Donald Trump’s announcement that ICE [&#8230;]', "President Donald Trump's decision to\xa0order federal immigration agents to U.S. airports\xa0to help with security during a budget impasse is drawing concerns that their presence may escalate tensions among air travelers frustrated over hourslong waits and screeners angry about missed paychecks.", "After President Donald Trump threatened to deploy federal immigration agents to airports amid a Department of Homeland Security funding fight in Congress, union members in the Midwest are expressing concern about agents' lack of training and their own lack of pay.Trump made clear on Sunday, a day after saying he would use immigration officers for airport security starting Monday unless Democrats agreed on a bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security, that he was going ahead with the plan to assist the Transportation Security Administration.Hundreds of thousands of homeland security...", 'Hundreds of thousands of homeland security workers, including from the TSA, U.S. Secret Service and Coast Guard, have worked without pay since Congress failed to renew DHS funding last month.', 'The staggering long lines triggered President Trump on Sunday to order Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers to be deployed at airports to help clear them.', 'Latino business owners told WRAL News that fear and uncertainty following a nationwide crackdown in immigration enforcement are keeping some families out of public spaces, leaving small businesses struggling to survive.', 'By Riane Lumer, CNN (CNN) &#8212; President Donald Trump said border czar Tom Homan will be in charge of deploying Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to airports on Monday, with Homan telling CNN the agents will help with security at entrances and exits to ease the Transportation Security Administration’s workload. “This is about … helpingThe post Immigration agents deploying to airports under border czar as TSA staffing falls short appeared first on KRDO.', 'Immigration officers, as an example, could cover exits currently monitored by TSA agents, freeing them to work screening lines.', 'Sheridan Gorman, 18, from Yorktown Heights, died after she was shot in the head while walking along the Chicago lakefront with friends at 1:30 a.m. Thursday.', "Newton’s Public Safety and Transportation Committee met Wednesday to review response options to possible Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) operation within Newton, with many citizens and councilors urging the city to increase citizens' protections against federal immigration enforcement.\xa0The post Public Safety and Transportation Reviews Adequacy of Newton Anti-ICE Protections appeared first on The Heights.", 'The federal government’s lawyers and Georgetown University researcher Badar Khan Suri’s legal team debated the role of the federal judiciary in immigration cases in front of an appellate court March 17. Khan Suri is currently a party in two parallel cases: one in federal court and one in immigration court. Suri v. Trump, the federal...', 'Trump and border czar Tom Homan confirm plan to assist TSA agents amid partial government shutdown standoffDonald Trump and his border czar, Tom Homan, have confirmed that the president’s administration is sending Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents to US airports beginning Monday to assist with security amid extremely long lines – and to help airport security agents who have been working without pay since 14 February because of a partial government shutdown.Homan will lead the effort, Trump said on Sunday. Continue reading...', 'Tom Homan, President Trump’s chief border official, said plans were being drawn up to send immigration and customs agents to U.S. airports.', 'The Trump administration’s policy of reducing immigration has slowed labor force growth, economic growth and job creation.', 'The Republican president suggested ICE agents would bring the administration’s immigration crackdown into the nation’s airports, promising to arrest “all Illegal Immigrants"', 'It’s his latest bid to push Democrats, who have refused to greenlight DHS funding without changes to how it carries out immigration enforcement.', 'A crowd of about 30 clergy and community members gathered outside Sherman Plaza Friday afternoon as part of a national campaign to prevent Chicago-based Highlands Real Estate Investment Trust from converting a Colorado prison into an Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention facility. According to Rev. Michael Kirby of Northminster Presbyterian Church, Highlands REIT is an...The post Community members protest Sherman Plaza owner’s plans to convert vacant Colorado prison into ICE detention facility appeared first on The Daily Northwestern.', 'I have seen firsthand the total dedication of those working at Homeland Security. Every day, our dedicated Homeland Security professionals do everything in their power to protect the citizens of United States. Their efforts have helped shut the previously open door that led to the unrestricted, illegal immigration seen in the past.', 'PATTAYA, Thailand – Chonburi immigration officers arrested a Chinese national for illegally providing hair-cutting services in Pattaya, part of ongoing efforts to protect jobs reserved for Thai citizens. At 5:00 PM on March 20, authorities conducted an operation at an office building on Sukhumvit Road, following a tip that a Chinese barber was offering services [&#8230;]', "In a speech last week, Ms Rayner said plans to double the time which most migrants must wait to secure a permanent right to remain in the UK were 'un-British' and a 'breach of trust'.", 'The DHS shutdown battle heated up on Saturday as President Donald Trump threatened to send “brilliant and patriotic” Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) personnel to the nation’s airports to do security and relieve TSA workers, who are starting to rebel after going without pay since February 14. The shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security [&#8230;]', 'Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents could provide security at San Diego International Airport and other U.S. airports under a proposal announced today by President Donald Trump.', 'President Donald Trump said Saturday he will order federal immigration officers to take a role in airport security starting Monday unless Democrats agree on a bill to fund…', 'Talks picked up this week as border czar Tom Homan met with lawmakers. By Nicholas Kerr\xa0and\xa0Allison Pecorin March 21, 2026, 2:11 PM President Donald Trump&#160;said&#160;on Saturday that&#160;he is ready to deploy Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents to U.S. airports starting Monday if Democrats don’t agree to a funding package to end the Department ofThe post Trump threatens to put ICE agents in airports starting Monday amid DHS funding impasse appeared first on KVIA.', 'Trump also said ICE could carry out arrests at airports, including targeting undocumented immigrants, and made specific references to migrants from Somalia.', 'WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump said Saturday he will order federal immigration officers to take a role in airport&#8230;', 'President Trump claimed ICE agents handling airport security would arrest immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally.', 'They would direct the TSA to arrest anyone suspected of immigrating illegally to the U.S.', 'The US president called on immigration agents to place &#039;heavy emphasis&#039; on the arrests of Somali immigrants.', 'Deji Elumoye in Abuja The Presidency has clarified that Nigeria is not required to accept foreign nationals other than Nigerians in the 12-page Memorandum of Understanding signed by the two', 'White House advisor Stephen Miller is a liar, but he did tell the truth one time. Well, he said something with truth hidden inside it, but you had to squint. Of course, he was projecting.During a recent Oval Office meeting, Miller accused immigrants of theft. Once Donald Trump’s deportation measures were fully in place, “all of this theft” would stop and “it would be enough to balance the budget.” He said: “The extraction of wealth from American taxpayers to people who don\'t belong here is the primary cause of the national debt."See what I mean? Projection.In reality, the people who...']